Overcome with the bitter soul without hope tired of life sobbing in his armchair the poor payador, without finding a consolation in his pain. hanging on a nail the guitar in a corner has abandoned her sound and does not care about anything lying on a bed does nothing but cry on occasion. someone heard this song My little girl do not let me die, come back I beg you I can not live. If you knew the times that I dreamed, that again I had you by my side. My little girl do not be so cruel, do not leave me I want to see you again My little girl do not let me kill your disdain little by little. The slum slept quietly nothing disturbed the silence of the night when it was heard sounding, there in the darkness the shot of a fatal bullet. The neighbors ran anxiously, they sensed the end of that drama. and they found him lying in a bed, in a pool of blood, to the poor payador, but before he died, someone heard him sing like that. My little girl do not let me die, come back I beg you I can not live. If you knew the times that I dreamed, that again I had you by my side. My little girl do not be so cruel, do not leave me I want to see you again My little girl do not let me kill your disdain little by little.
Hopeless flower of disconsolate why you persecute me in my loneliness. Why do not you let me drown my longings in the bitter cup of reality. Because you do not kill me with a disappointment because you do not hurt me with a lack of love. Hope useless if you see that I'm deceived because you do not die because you do not die in my heart. Hope useless flower of disconsolation why do not you die in my heart.
I know you've had the sea of ​​adventure in your life I know you've lied a thousand times swearing my love. You have become a toy of your mischief to others who loved you as well as I did. You can play with me and I care if I become a toy of all your love. I'm not interested in your story or the uncertain future if with you I want a toy if it's your love. You have become a toy of your mischief to others who loved you as well as I did. You can play with me and I care if I become a toy of all your love. No and no, no, I'm not interested in your story or the uncertain future if with you I want to be a toy and it's your love. Mamacita cute toy of your love toy of you na'mas, toy, toy your mommy toy.
I suffer when thinking that destiny managed to separate us, I keep such beautiful memories that I will not forget, dreams that together forged your soul and mine, in the hours of infinite bliss that I long for in my song, and they will not return. Today in my life only your memory remained, I feel your kisses on my lips, which taste like honey- Your silky hair I caress in my dreams, and I embrace your loving arms to the gentle lullaby of this love of yesterday My heart in darkness search anxiously, I pray your name asking you to come back to me, because without you the sun no longer illuminates my days, and when the dawn arrives it finds me crying my nights without you.
Tonight I want to look for her, to erase what has happened and forgive her. I do not care anymore about what they will say or about the things they will talk about. Total people always talk! I only think of her at all times. This devouring passion is terrible. And she always without knowing, without even suspecting my desire to return. What have you given me, my life, that I am sad night and day? Always rounding your corner, always looking at your house, and this passion that hurts, and this pain that does not happen. Until when will I suffer the torment of your love? This poor heart that does not forget it names it with the lips of its wound and deepening its discomfort the butterfly of pain crosses in the night of my life. Comrades, today is a night of verbena. However, I can not with my grief and to know that it is no longer, alone, sad and without love I ask myself incessantly.
I've already convinced myself that following the two is impossible, what I'm going to do if I look for your love when I'm wrong. You must know that neither you nor I understand each other and this is the error that we both painfully pay now. We have to forget this love because such a love can not be if we are different as you see this truth destroys the heart. Today I say goodbye, I move away from you serenely everything is for the rest, God did not want it, we are different. We have to forget this love because such a love can not be if we are different as you see this truth destroys the heart. Today I say goodbye, I move away from you serenely everything is for the rest, God did not want it, we are different.
Sweetheart, I'm tempted to kiss. May it be pledged in the heat of our great love, my love. I want to be, a single being and be with you, I want to see you, in wanting to dream. In the sweet sensation of a mordelón kiss, I would like, sweetheart, to tell you my passion, for you. Companions in the good and the bad, nor the years will be able to weigh us, sweetheart you will be, my love.
When the time passes and you get old The most beautiful woman you will have to be. When time passes and my voice goes out Very quietly, I will sing to you When we are old, sweet bride of mine Your white head, will have in each cane A blessing. And your soft hand as in other times Shake on my forehead. And my wistful mouth tired of kisses It will speak to you of love When we are old, it will not be necessary for the sky For your beautiful eyes the Sun and the Moon For me they will be And for that I want, my sweet girlfriend That the years pass and reach old To love us plus.
You want more the sea, he told me with pain and the crystal of his voice broke. I remember his look with the light of dusk and this phrase as an obsession You have to choose between your sea and my love I said no and she said goodbye His name was Margo, he wore blue beret and on his chest hung a cross Mar. Mar, brother Mine Mar. In your immensity I sink with my coal boat my destiny prisoner and my sad loneliness Mar. I have no one Mar, I do not even have love I know that when the port arrives one day waiting, Margó will not be there. My grief is a storm that whips the heart with the fierce wind of pain I will never forget it and I will always listen to its words as an obsession. You have to choose between the sea and my love. Sorry, I said no and I heard your goodbye. His name was Margo, wearing a blue beret and a cross hung on his chest.
Why do not they know that I love you, my life? Why do not I say it if you melt your soul with my soul. What does it matter if they later see me crying one day? If they ask me, I will say that I still love you very much. You live only once. you have to learn to love and to live, you have to know that life moves away, and leaves us crying chimeras. I do not want to regret after what could have been, and it was not, I want to enjoy this life having you near me, until I die. You live only once. you have to learn to love and to live, you have to know that life moves away, and leaves us crying chimeras. I do not want to regret after what could have been, and it was not, I want to enjoy this life having you near me, until I die.
Even if it cost me my life, I'm still looking for your love. I still love you. I'm asking where I can find you. Even if you go where you go to the end of the world I will go to find you my darling because I was born for you. My love is so sincere vidita and you see the promise I make you that I care about crying that I care about suffering if one day you tell me yes. Even if it costs me my life I'm still looking for your love, I still love you. I'm still asking. where can i find you
I dreamed a world of happiness when we met but the impulse of your vanity took us away. You love me, I adored you but pride defeated us both where you are going, where I am going to where we will die of love With eyes tired of loneliness I am crossing the path of my pain and this sad night I want to cry because everything is over Two roads that will unite us we have taken our great love and we do not know where we will go and love, love, you love me I adore you but pride defeated us the two Where are you going, where do I go where we pray to die of love With eyes tired of loneliness I'm crossing the path of my pain and this sad night I want to cry because it's all over Two roads that will unite us we have taken our great love and we do not know where we will go and love, love, you love me, I adore you but pride defeated us both Where are you going, where do I go where we pray to die of love, love, love, love, love
Two souls that in the world God had united two souls that loved each other that we were you and I. By the bleeding wound of our immense love we gave ourselves life as never before. One day in the path our souls crossed, a shadow of hatred arose. It separated us from both and from that moment it was better to die neither near nor distant can we already live One day in the path our souls crossed, a shadow of hatred arose that separated us both And from that moment it was better to die neither near nor distant We can already live Neither near nor distant can we already live.
They say that distance is oblivion but I can not conceive that reason because I will continue being the captive of the whims of your heart You knew how to clarify my thoughts You gave me the truth that I dreamed You drove me from my sufferings on the first night I loved you Today beach dresses in bitterness because your boat has to leave to cross other seas of madness take care that your life does not sink When the sunlight is going out and you feel tired of wandering, think that I will be waiting for you until you decide to go back Today my beach dresses in bitterness because your boat has to start crossing other seas of madness take care that your life does not sink When the sunlight is going out and you feel tired of wandering think that I will be waiting for you until you decide to return .
For a few black ojasos, as well as sorrows of long ago I had longings, joys and without flavors And to leave them some day, they told me so crying do not forget my life, what I'm singing to you That an old love, does not forget it is left to an old love, of our soul if it moves away, but never says goodbye that an old love It has been a long time and again I saw those eyes looked at me with contempt, coldly and without anger And noticing that contempt of eyes that my cried, I asked if with time, his memories took me away That an old love, does not forget or let an old love, of our soul if it moves away, but never says goodbye that an old love That an old love That a old love.
Because your love is my thorn through the four corners they talk about the two that is a scandal they say and they even curse me for giving you my love Do not listen to the people go along and love me more with that I have enough go forward without seeing what they will say Yes I could one day go back to the stars with me I would take you to where no one would see us Do not pay attention to people go along and love me more than if this is scandalous is more shameful not knowing how to love If I could one day go back to the stars with me would take to where no one would see us Do not pay attention to people follow the current and love me more than if this is scandalous it is more shameful not to know how to love
Today we are sad, sadder than ever and it's hard for us to say goodbye. Our illusions have been truncated, it has no remedy, God has willed it. No, do not cry my soul, that is not long, let me look at you for the last time. I'm also sorry, I'm almost crazy but I swear my soul that I will return. Kiss me my strong love please to stay in the memory. I know that soon I will feel a great emptiness, as if someone has taken away from me what is mine. Kiss me my love for the last time put my heart in that kiss; to keep it here in my breast tenderly and evoke it sweetly when you're gone. Already spring came flourishing, the golden sun shines, the nightingale sings, but in our souls, which today are mourning, follows the harsh winter, so bleak. Sweet beloved, do not cry, do not cry. Together we cheer our last goodbye. Let me lull you, kiss me smiling, that way we'll cheat our hearts.
Why should I not cry if only so I rest there are no sorrows that without tears can stand Why do not I cry if what I wanted most was my night and day has just left And I will not take because I'm not a coward I want to forget with the cups my sorrows forget Why I should not cry if what I wanted most was my night and day has just left And I will not take because I'm not a coward I want to drink my sorrows forget Why I have not mourn if what I wanted most was my night and day has just left.
You are the culprit Of all my anguishes and all my losses You filled my life With sweet anxieties and bitter disappointments Your love is like a scream That I carry here in my soul and here in my heart And I am even though I do not want to, Slave of your eyes, toy of your love Do not play with my sorrows, nor with my feelings That is the only thing that I have You are my hope, my last hope understand at once You desperate me, it kills me, it drives me mad and until life gave to overcome fear Of kissing you. Your love is like a scream that I carry here in my blood and here in my heart And I am even though I do not want your eyes slave toy of your love Do not play with my sorrows, nor with my feelings That is the only thing I have You are my hope , my last hope understand at once You desperate me, it kills me, it drives me crazy and even life gave to overcome the fear Of kissing you.
So much time we enjoy this love Our souls got so close that I keep your flavor but you also take flavor to me. Without denying my presence in your life, it would be enough to embrace and converse. So much life I gave you that by force you already have Taste to me. I do not pretend to be your owner. I am nothing, I have no vanity. Of my life, I give the good I am so poor that I can give something else? More than a thousand years will pass, many more. I do not know if eternity has love. But there, just like here, in the mouth you will bring Taste to me. I do not pretend to be your owner. I am nothing, I have no vanity. Of my life, I give the good I am so poor that I can give something else? More than a thousand years will pass, many more. I do not know if eternity has love. But there, just like here, in the mouth you will bring Taste to me.
The wind is moaning The leaves are falling and the blue sky has turned gray Autumn with its song invades our body that was always so happy Just as the leaves fall Your life is defoliated in this autumn that came without mercy Do not cry my life that even our love is stronger than autumn and its song Autumn with its song invades our body that was always as happy As the leaves fall your life is defoliated in this autumn that came without mercy Do not cry my life that there is still our love stronger that fall and its song.
Arrancame the life take it if you want to pull my life if you prefer I ask you please do not make me suffer more tell you what you think of me notify me today do not forget Arrancame life take it if you want to pull my life with all my heart Tell me the truth if I still wait for you to remove this bandage that has almost blind Arrancame life take it if you want to pull my life with all my heart Tell me the truth if I still wait for you to take off this bandage that has almost blind me.
I do not want you to leave the night is very cold wrap me in your arms until the day returns. Your pillow is impatient to caress your face. Maybe I'll give you some advice, maybe I will not say anything. Tomorrow very early you will talk with me and if you are determined to leave the nest, then it will be in vain to try to stop you give me tonight, rethink me the death. Tomorrow very early you will talk with me and if you are determined to leave the nest. Then it will be in vain to try to stop you give me this night, back me up to death.
Kiss me, kiss me like you know. Kiss me bit by bit, it's the heat of your lips that drives me crazy. Kiss me, I want to feel on my lips all, all the pleasures I want to hear when you say that for my love you die. Kiss Me; Kiss me again, I want all my kisses to come to my soul. Kiss me, kiss me again, I'm afraid you'll leave and never, never see you again. Kiss me, kiss me like you know. Kiss me always in the mouth It's the heat of my lips that makes you crazy. Kiss me, I want to feel on my lips all, all the pleasures I want to hear when you say that for my love you die. Kiss Me; Kiss me again, I want all my kisses to come to my soul. Kiss me, kiss me again, I'm afraid you'll leave and never, never see you again. And I want you to kiss me again. Kiss me again.
Hey, what I want to tell you, there are dates in life that we can never ever forget. It is, you know, my soul I will take it on my being as yesterday that will be 19, the memory that will live in my day that happy, so happy It is, You know, my soul, I'll carry it on in my being like yesterday. Hey, what I want to tell you, there are dates in life that we can never forget. It is, you know, my soul, I will carry it on my being like yesterday, that 19 will be, the memory that In my day will live that happy, so happy It is, you know, my soul I will take it on in my being as yesterday is, you know, my soul I will take it on my being like yesterday
You have me, but you're worth nothing to me, because it dictates a role My life is controlled by the laws but in my heart it's the one who feels love, I only command. The sea and the sky look just as blue in the distance, they seem to come together. It is better to remember that the sky is always the sky that the sea will never reach. Allow me to match with the sky that belongs to you, the sea. Let me match with the sky that belongs to you to be the sea.
Ramón Calabuch Batista, El Gitano del Bolero, better known as Moncho, is the one who plays this beautiful song that is part of Amar's musicalization in Scrambled Times in its first season. Make a miracle again as you know how to do it. Come and kiss me and for another time, time Make a miracle again that what your eyes enclose the heart will open me, so put a thousand bolts. My day is done for you, my night begins in your hands, the thought I left anchored at the bottom of your lips. And if you find my love do not close the doors, Open it and let it go and tell it you still remember it. I only hear your voice, I put God as a witness, Do a miracle again with me. Do a miracle again and let me hold you, let the pulse of my heart beat me. And if you find my love, do not close the doors, Open it and let it go and tell it you still remember it. I only hear your voice, I put God as a witness. Do a miracle again with me.
I have known that I loved you when I saw you were late and I felt my indifference fade because I feared you would never come back. I have known that I loved you when you speak and you look at me with passion and you assuage with your warm word the suspicion of my heart. a few days ago I said to my friends I do not believe in love And I do not want to have more illusions see how they make fun if you talk about love, about love I have known that I loved you but it is too late for me to go back I wanted to be indifferent for a moment but I know I could not stop loving you I remembered that a few days ago I said to my friends I do not believe in love And I do not want to have more illusions see how they make fun if you talk about love, about love I have known that I loved you but it is too late for me to go back I wanted to be indifferent for a moment but I know I can not stop loving you I wanted to be indifferent for a moment but I know I can not stop loving you.
They say that I am drunk, that I am worthless, that I am dreaming; but the world does not know the bitter pains that I suffer crying. Life does not matter to me, because it has only given me betrayals and jealousies; I know that everything is false that love and friendship are just lies. They know of life those who have not suffered, those who have never felt a pain of love. They say that I am drunk, that I go through the world as a lost soul. If I drink is for my pleasure and nobody cares I live my life. They say that I am drunk, that I am worthless, that I am dreaming; but the world does not know the bitter pains that I suffer crying. Life does not matter to me, because it has only given me betrayals and jealousies; I know that everything is false that love and friendship are just lies. They know of life those who have not suffered, those who have never felt a pain of love. They say that I am drunk, that I go through the world as a lost soul. If I drink is for my pleasure and nobody cares I live my life.
Things like you are to love them; things like you are to worship them. because you and the things that resemble you, are to keep them in the middle of the soul. A ray of moon, that caresses us; the perfume of a faint rose, the source of the patio that gives us freshness, are things that have your grace galana; That's why they are things, of immense poetry; things that we carry in the middle of the soul. I take your eyes that are two stars, the honey of your rosy cute mouth, your mouth, your hair, your hands of glory; which decal in the middle of the soul Things like you are to love them; things like you are to worship them. because you and the things that resemble you, are to keep them in the middle of the soul. A ray of moon, that caresses us; the perfume of a faint rose, the source of the patio that gives us freshness, are things that have your grace galana; That's why they are things, of immense poetry; things that we carry in the middle of the soul.
Like foam that inert carries the mighty river Flor de Azalea life in its avalanche dragged you but to save you you could find protection and shelter where to cure your wounded heart by pain Your smile reflects the passage of black hours your look the most bitter despair today forever I want you to forget your past sorrows and only have serene hours your heart I would like to be the swallow that at dawn to your window comes to see through the glass and wake up very sweetly if you are still asleep at the dawn of a new full life of love I would like to be the swallow that at dawn to your window arrives to see through the glass and wake up very sweetly if you are still asleep at the dawn of a new life full of love.
It is not a crime this impossible love that binds us secretly and profoundly. This love is not a crime that we hide before all the eyes of the world If that is calmness of the moon the moon has wanted to take us This crime is not a crime, it is fortune that we dreamed before loving Everything in you vibrates me and you sigh you my tenacious thought If your absence thousand verses inspires is that I am in your blue feeling It is not crime to love you secretly escaping the cruel reality Our love for deep and secret is love, but love of truth Everything in you for me vibrates and sighs are you my tenacious thought If your absence a thousand verses inspires is that I am in your blue feeling It is not a crime to love you secretly escaping the cruel reality Our love for deep and secret is love, but love of truth.
Woman, divine woman, you have the poison that fascinates in your look. Woman, alabaster, you are vibration of passionate sonatina. You have the perfume of an orange tree in bloom, the proud bearing of a majesty. You know the filters that are in love have the spell of lightness. The divine magic of a sunset and the wonder of inspiration. You have in the rhythm of your being all the throb of a song, you are the reason of my existence, woman. The divine magic of a sunset and the wonder of inspiration. You have in the rhythm of your being all the throb of a song, you are the reason of my existence, woman.
It seems like yesterday when I saw you. that afternoon in spring. It seems like it was yesterday When I took your hands for the first time I'm so happy to have lived with you for so many years I'm so happy to sometimes enjoy your scolding It seems like yesterday You were my girlfriend and I took you by my arm It seems like yesterday When I was asleep I dreamed in your lap I'm so happy You're still in my life the fragrance In our love there has never been a distance that God keeps you for making me so happy It seems that it was yesterday You were my girlfriend and I took you from my arm It seems that it was Yesterday when I was asleep I dreamed in your lap I'm so happy You're still in my life the fragrance In our love there has never been a distance that God keeps you for making me so happy
Love me very much, Sweet love of mine That lover I will always adore you With your kisses and your caresses My sufferings I will silence When you really want How I love you It is impossible, my heaven So separated To live When you really want How I love you You It is impossible my heaven So separated live So separate live.
José Feliciano What to do if loneliness waits for me to return if I do not have someone who loves me I can no longer live in memory I can not relive the love that has already died For what to return if the love that left For that to cry if already I have no more tears To suffer after having loved so much I can not hide my feelings I can not forget my sufferings So that to return if the love that went away How I say to the heart that street, tell me how I explain it to the soul, this pain that I have inside that overwhelms me and steals my calm So that I can return if loneliness waits for me to return if I do not have someone who loves me I can not live in memory anymore I can not relive a love that has already died For what to return if love that one went Oh! He left. he went.
Why do you look like that and do not trust me with your deep thoughts if you know that I knew you to understand at all times I do not want you to hide, doubts or resentment that can undo our love why you look like this making me suffer and punish my soul Between you love and my love must exist the truth we can not play with our souls the two Between your love and my love there are things to think and a promise before God is impossible to forget And badly I can heal, heal me so much hurt, saving my life, with only love me more Life taught me how to be as I am and understanding so I know that at last we will understand if you are as I ask come to my speech as you know, what things to hide because you look like this making me suffer and punish my soul Between your love and my love must exist the truth we can no longer play with our souls the two Between your love and my love there are things to think and a promise before God is impossible to forget And badly I can heal, heal me so much hurt a, saving my life, just loving me more.
I need to tell you that I'm dying to have something with you is that you have not realized how much it costs me to be your friend and I can not approach your mouth without desiring you in a crazy way I need to control your life to know who kisses you and who shelters you I need to tell you that I'm dying to have something with you is that you have not realized how much it costs me to be your friend and I can not continue spying day and night you arrive guessing and I do not know what an innocent excuse to spend for your house I already have very few roads and although I may seem a nonsense I would not want to die without having something with you Need I tell you I'm dying to have something with you? Is it that you have not realized how much it costs me to be your friend? I can no longer approach your mouth Without desiring you in a crazy way I need to control your life Know who kisses you and who shelters you Need to tell you I'm dying to have something with you? Is it that you have not realized how much it costs me to be your friend? I have very few roads left Although I may seem a nonsense I would not like to die without having something with you I can not continue spying Day and night you get guessing I do not know what an innocent excuse to pass by your house. I have very few roads left Although it may seem a nonsense I would not like to die without having something with you, Without having, something with you, Without having, something. with you.
I want to escape with the old moon, at the moment when the night dies; when the white smile appears, on the morning of my adversity. I want to relive the night, because the old moon will return; She is the one who knows where my love is, she knows if I lost her; Old moon that goes at night. I want to relive the night, because the old moon will return, she is the one who knows where my love is, she knows if I lost her; Old moon that goes at night. Old moon that goes at night.
I will love you all my life every year, the months and the days, all the hours and all the moments, as long as my heart can beat. I love you all my life; every year, months and days; all the hours and all the moments, as long as my heart can beat. You will have the flowers of my love in spring, and in the summer heat will increase with my passion. And in the fall when the leaves fall your life will have a new illusion and in the winter, you will have the fire of my heart. You will have the flowers of my love in spring, and in the summer heat will increase with my passion. And in the fall when the leaves fall your life will have a new illusion and in the winter, you will have the fire of my heart. I love you all my life.
A sunset when there is no sun and the sea is already without its color In the darkness where nobody goes that you can not hear more than your breathing I will make you in a single breath you give me your life to adore you and with fever in the lips satiate of kisses And that sunset in the darkness you will be mine A sunset in the month of April when the cocoons will open I will light your body with my burning fire and although your pupils can no longer see me Like a dream will be when you feel that you are already And that sunset in the darkness will be mine in the month of April when the cocoons will open I will light your body with my burning fire and although your pupils can no longer see me as a dream, it will be when you feel that you are already exhausted and That sunset in the darkness you will be mine.
Like moonlight, among the sleeping forest; so the light of your eyes has illuminated my poor life. You gave light to the path, in my nights without fortune; illuminating my sky, like a clear ray of the moon. Rayito de luna blanca, that illuminates my path; that's your love in my life, the truth of my destiny. You gave light to the path, in my nights without fortune; illuminating my sky, like a clear ray of the moon.
A little more and maybe we will understand then a little more that I bring aromas and new affection we will return to the path of love no matter what we have to forget if we are going to suffer because of a mistake, a plea is preferable A little more will be a relief for two failures and if you leave, take my tired arms at least to the end that I already gave you my love, my faith my whole life and if you do not take them, it is important for me to stay outside. Because you go my good so fast do not enjoy my agony if the night is waiting all day long you too A little more will be a relief for two failures and if you go away take my tired arms at least finally I gave you my love, my faith my whole life and if you do not take them, it's important for me to stay outside. Because you're leaving my well so fast do not enjoy my agony if the night is waiting all day, wait for you too.
I do not know why. I do not know why I fell in love with you, without even knowing you. without knowing what you were. Or was your voice. your sweet voice that so many times I heard in expressive words of love, words that still live in my frenzy. More today I know you've played with me, maybe you'll be satisfied. Laugh no more. laugh I tell you, but someday I know you will regret it. When life treats you indifferent and you look late what you will not have. Repent you will seek relief to your soul and between bitter tears alone and sad you will cry.
I know that I lost you that another love deluded you more I understood it and I walked away I did not want to disturb the happiness that is in you happy I want to see you without suffering. Why have you like this, without any compression if I know that your love was an illusion. That's why I left you with great pain I abandoned you because without egoism I live. To have you like that without any understanding if I know that your love was an illusion that's why I left you, with great pain I abandoned you because without egoism I live, and I am happy.
No. I should not think I loved you It's better to forget than to suffer No. I do not conceive that everything is over That this dream of love ended That life separated us Without wanting to walk Maybe we'll see each other later This is the route that was marked I keep insisting your love That was lost in nothingness And I am walking Without knowing Where to get Maybe Walking life brings us back together No, no no No. I should no longer think that I loved you It is preferable to forget that to suffer No. I do not conceive that everything ended That this dream of love ended That life separated us Without wanting to walk Let's see maybe later.
I thought you were different I thought you were sincere And I gave you my life without any condition. But everything was a dream of my soul in love Just as one of many played with my love. Like one of many like anybody You played with my life and with my heart. And if the heart cries, I ask you to shut up! That loves like yours are in the street. Loves like yours are everywhere. You are one of many that loves like yours They are in the street. Like one of many like anybody You played with my life and with my heart. And if the heart cries, I ask you to shut up! That loves like yours are in the street.
After a rainy day the sky darkens and that's where my chest begins to sigh I remember that afternoon of our farewell because it was a day like this that I can not forget That's why when it rains I'm full of memories and with sadness I wait for the horrible darkness tears of the soul resemble this rain the night with its mantle will have its day of light Sunk in the lethargy the thought implores that it clarifies our sky and returns to be happy That's why when it rains I am full of memories and with sadness I wait for the horrible darkness The tears of the soul resemble this rain the night with its mantle will have its day of light Sunk in the lethargy the thought implores that it clarifies our sky and returns to be happy That's why when it rains I fill with memories and with sadness I wait for the horrible darkness The tears of the soul resemble this rain the night with its mantle will have its day of light.
Hear the confession of my secret, it comes from a heart that is deserted; With three words I will tell you all my things; things of the heart that are precious. Give me your hands, see mine, I'll entrust you with my anxieties; Three words are only my anguish, and those words are; As I like you!
If you are not with me, nothing matters. To live without seeing you is to die If you are not with me there is sadness And the sunlight does not shine the same Without your love, jealousy consumes me And fear does not let me sleep Tell me what I do, my life Without your love I I'm going to go crazy Without your love jealousy consumes me And fear does not let me sleep Tell me you do my life Without your love I'm going to go crazy.
Today is Friday and since last Friday you will not be by my side you will not come to see me Today is Friday starts the weekend and as much as I feel like I know I will not have you Today is Friday all married men even if they are in love every Friday is lost Today is Friday I will try to settle for dreaming of having you and losing you But Monday at the beginning of the week you will give me each morning that love that consumes me That joy to know that four days your caresses will be mine that I miss you You long for me When you return with those hours, it's enough to forget if you miss me and enjoy if you have me If you want me for that love that unites us, be reborn every Monday even if you die every Friday Today is Friday all married men even if they are very much in love every Friday They are lost Today is Friday I will try to settle for dreaming of having you and losing you But Monday at the beginning of the week you will give me each morning that love that consumes me That joy the sab er that four days your caresses will be mine that I miss you that you yearn for me When you return with those hours it is enough for me to forget if you miss me and enjoy if you have me If you want me for that love that unites us, it will be reborn every Monday even if it dies every Friday.
Stunned and overwhelmed by the doubt of jealousy is seen in the canteen a bohemian without faith. With nerves shattered and crying hopelessly like a madman tormented by the ungrateful one who left. He is always accompanied by the best of the friends that accompanies him and he says he is already good with liquor Nothing remedies with crying, nothing remedies with wine. On the contrary, it reminds you much more of your heart. One night like a madman bit the wine glass and shone a sharp edge that his mouth destroyed and the blood that gushed confused with the wine and in the amount this shout to all shuddered: "Do not hurry up mate if I destroy my mouth Do not you Hurry that is I want with the edge of this cup to erase the trace of a treacherous kiss that gave me ". Young man, serve me in the Broken Cup, please serve me with this fever of obsession. . Mozo serve me in the Broken Cup I want to bleed the poison of his love drop by drop. Young man, serve me in the Broken Cup, please serve me with this fever of obsession. Mozo serve me the Broken Cup I want to bleed drop by drop. the poison of his love.
Since you cheated me I have a heart of steel And my lips do not come out Tell you how I love you And even though you cry And you die of sorrow And you drag yourself out of pain and complaint It does not distress me, it does not distress me Steel heart I have I Blame of your love that deceived me Steel heart I have Because your love forgot me I have the chest like stone That does not enter nor daggers And the fault you have it in all your falsehoods And you see that I do not care that they say that your love already I lost it that is foreign I do not feel sorry, I do not feel sorry Steel heart I have I blame your love that deceived me Steel heart I have Because your love forgot me I have the chest like stone That does not enter nor daggers And the fault of you you have in all your falsehoods And you see that I do not care that they say that your love and I lost that it is alien I do not grieve, I do not distress I have steel heart I blame your love that deceived me I have steel heart Because your love He forgot me Because your love forgot me.
Wherever you want you to go I will look for you even if I have to reach the end of the world even if I have to cross the seven seas and escape the most hidden corners There will be no obstacle blocking my path or who dares to stop me Only God can prevent me from tearing you life with death And still, I would be able to so many things that I dare to challenge the same death wherever you are do not hide me because I have to find you whatever it costs me Wherever you want to go I'll look for you even if I have to to reach the end of the world even if I have to cross the seven seas and escape the most hidden corners There will be no obstacle that obstructs my path nor who dares to stop me Only God will be able to prevent me from tearing you life with death And still, it would be capable of so many things that I dare to challenge the same death wherever you are, do not hide me because I have to find you what it costs me.
I thought your life was mine and that you loved me as I love you. I sang the illusion of my longing and there was sun in my sky and joy of life. Then my song became sad, I cried because I already lost you. I thought your life was mine and that you loved me as I love you. Then my song became sad, I cried because I already lost you. I thought your life was mine and that you loved me as I love you.
Envy, I envy the valleys of the mountains and the rivers of the towns and the streets that you have crossed without me. Envy, I am envious of your things I envy your shadow of your house and your roses because they are close to you. And see if my love is great that when I say your name I envy my voice. Envy, I'm envious of the handkerchief that once dried your crying and is that I love you so much that my envy is just love. Envy, I am envious of your things I envy your shadow of your house and your roses because they are close to you. And see if my love is great that when I say your name I envy my voice Envy, I am envious of the handkerchief that once dried your weeping and is that I love you so much that my envy is just envy love. I envy envy and it's so much love!
Taste of deception I feel in your eyes when they look at me taste of deception I feel on your lips when you kiss me. You are not sincere when you tell me that you still love me if in your words you notice the edge of betrayal. It is impossible to continue pretending that way I thank you with all your soul for your noble effort. And I promise to feel strong when you tell me that you do not love me that your heart is for another. Taste of deception I feel in your eyes when they look at me taste of deception I feel on your lips when you kiss me. You are not sincere when you tell me that you still love me if in your words you notice the edge of betrayal. It is impossible to continue pretending that way I thank you with all your soul for your noble effort. And I promise to feel strong when you tell me that you do not love me that your heart is for another.
Drain the veil of silence in a syllable you take my anguish soft caress that lifts me, I like I do not know you and love I'm dying. Drains the fire of your courage and I wonder why I did not have you always if it is in your eyes where I come to understand again that I can love eternally. How could I have been without you how you can breathe in emptiness as you live with your soul in the abyss without the inexhaustible warmth of your coat. How could I have been without you, how can you navigate without your affection if there will not be anything beyond being with you? I would rather be shipwrecked in oblivion. I steal a kiss from your mouth and I smell the sweet smell of your innocence has become the reason for my existence I will never know how to live without your presence. How could I have been without you as you can breathe in the emptiness how you live with your soul in the abyss without the inexhaustible warmth of your coat? How could I have been without you as you can navigate without your love if there will be nothing beyond being with you would prefer to be shipwrecked in oblivion.
Since I can not tell you in my ear, because of the cruel luck that separates us, I want to tell you through this song: that I can not continue suffering so much. You need me perhaps more than life; and my life is you and you're gone, what do you mean, my love, that I love you? if you instead pay me with forgetfulness. You need me, because the nights are so long when I think of you; You need me, for the memory that you have left in my heart. Neither the distance, nor all the time that I am without seeing you; They make me forget the sad story of our love.
Your life is buried in my life and I am feeling a great affection that is lonely for you. I want you to swear by the virgin that your love will eternally give it to me. My eyes do not get tired of looking at you or my lips kiss you and so I expect from you. I do not even want the wind to touch me, it clouds me with selfishness, your sweetness, affection that dislocates me for great, forcing me to enclose your heart. I want your love to be like mine and that jealousy confuse you to feel happy. Your life is buried in my life and I am feeling a great affection that is lonely for you. I want you to swear by the virgin that your love will eternally give it to me. My eyes do not tire of looking at you and my lips kiss you and so I expect from you. I do not even want the wind that touches me to cloud with selfishness your sweetness, affection that by great dislocates me forcing me to enclose your heart. I want your love to be like mine and that jealousy confuse you to feel happy.
I can not understand you crazy heart I can not understand you and they also I can not explain how you can love them calmly I can not understand how you can love two women at the same time, and not be crazy I deserve an explanation because it is impossible to continue with the Two Here goes my explanation, they call me without reason, crazy heart one is the sacred love partner of my life wife and mother at the same time The other is the forbidden love complement of my anxieties and whom I will not give up and now you can know how it is can love two women at the same time, and not be crazy Here goes my explanation, they call me without reason, crazy heart one is the sacred love companion of my life wife and mother at the same time The other is the forbidden love complement of my cravings and who I will not give up and now you can know how you can love two women at the same time and not be crazy and not be crazy and not be crazy.
Yesterday was your lover softened today I am just your friend on occasion you expect me to return regret and I will never go to ask for forgiveness I know that you will also say the same even if your heart is destroyed for that although pretending that affection we must confess that ended If you decide to come back one day I want to love you as I used to do it if you do not want to come back again because I want to keep quiet The two of us are now face to face we both know what the soul feels if I confess the sad Reality if you do not return I will never go I know that you will also say the same even if your heart is destroyed for that although pretending that affection we must confess that it ended If you decide to come back one day I will love you as before I did it because of recklessness you do not want to come back anymore I want to keep quiet The two of us are now face to face we both know what the soul feels if I have to confess the sad reality if you do not return I will not go s I know you also say the same even if you shred the heart so even pretending that love must confess that ended.
You tremble, every time you see me, I know you tremble, there is no mystery about you that I do not understand. Why do you try to hide that I am part of you? You live, expecting a love, that you do not receive without happiness, that you persecute and It is a very natural thing for you to remember me. There was a goodbye, it did not beat the heart as a root my presence was I know that in your life, one day he sent the reason or not, did not escape yesterday, your heart And that's why, you tremble, every time you see me, I know that you tremble, there is no mystery about you that I do not understand, why you try to hide that I am part of you. There was a goodbye, it did not beat the heart as a root my presence was I know that in your life, one day he sent the reason or not, did not escape yesterday, your heart And that's why, you tremble, every time you see me, I know that you tremble, there is no mystery about you that I do not understand, why you try to hide that I am part of you.
Nostalgia I carry within the soul when I separate from you I need, a lot of lack of seeing you, of having you, of loving You always with my Nostalgia even though the years pass I will have inside the soul And even if you are never close to my being Forever, I always have to love you And even if you're never near my being Always, always I have to love you
I know I am one more adventure for you, that after tonight, you will forget me. I know that I am a fleeting illusion for you, a whim of the soul that today brings you closer to me. Although you kiss me with mad passion and I kiss you happy, with the dawn that comes, my heart dies for you. I know that I am a fleeting illusion for you, a whim of the soul that today brings you closer to me. I know I am one more adventure for you, that after tonight, you will forget me. Although you kiss me with mad passion and I kiss you happy, with the dawn that comes, my heart dies for you. I know I am one more adventure for you, that after tonight, you will forget me.
Is my destiny. live like this sad agony to live. without you. I feel lost in this world and my last failure It will be your love I know that you do not want to ever be near me again That you do not care about my way of life Nor do you care more about me I know that even though I die you will never know what I felt in my agony to live away from you Crying I am You will be my last failure I can not Want anyone else I forgive you because you managed to make my heart happy And although you do not give me your warmth again yours is my love You will be my last failure No I can love no one else. I already forgave you because you managed to make my heart happy. And even if you do not give me your warmth again, it's my love, my love.
Finally, now I am happy, I have finally realized the dreamed love in my heart, You will be like a blessing, you calmed my sorrow, it was a condemnation, a curse Now, my suffering is over, my soul, to be happy again , At last, now I am happy, I have finally realized, the dreamed love, in my heart You will be like a blessing, you calmed my grief that was a condemnation a curse, Now, my suffering is over, my soul, has returned to be happy, Finally, now I am happy, I have finally realized, the love dreamed in my heart.
I'm thinking about looking for a love for me I'm thinking about changing everything I was. I got tired of living with illusions that have mistreated me, I got tired of waiting for what I never saw. I'm wanting to find something different, someone who can give me the simple things. A quiet and modest love, a love that gives me simple kisses, a love that converse with me before sleeping. A love that tells me I love you, a love that tells me I wait for you, a love that shares with me what I never lived. I got tired of living with illusions that have mistreated me, I got tired of waiting for what I never saw. I'm wanting to find something different, someone who can give me the simple things. A quiet and modest love, a love that gives me simple kisses, a love that converse with me before sleeping. A love that tells me I love you, a love that tells me I wait for you, a love that shares with me what I never lived.
You so high, so low, that I can not reach you. You are so rich, so poor, rich only in feelings. A whole world separates us by two different paths but love is stronger than the love of the whole world and there, there at the end of the road with my heart I wait for you. And you will have an altar and a palace made with kisses and you will reign next to me because the world will be ours. You are light and I am a shadow that melted into the night you are a sea and I am a river that is found although far away. A whole world separates us by two different paths but love is stronger than the love of the whole world, and there, there at the end of the road with my heart I wait for you. A whole world separates us by two different paths but love is stronger than the love of the whole world, and there, there at the end of the road with my heart I wait for you, because I know that you love me, because I know that I love you.
When love is over, the soul remains dark. That light that went out, it's a very long night. When love is over. you only have sadness. And the pain of the heart and broken many promises. They are the lies, the disappointments, the ones that end with love. It's not worth it, it's not worth forgiveness, if you do not feel anything in your heart When love is over, never suffer or cry, do not pay attention to pain and look for other loves. When the love is over, do not think about who loved you, forget it is the best because love always ends It's the lies, the disappointments, the ones that end with love. It's not worth it, it's not worth forgiveness, if you do not feel anything in your heart. It's the lies, the disappointments, the ones that end with love. It's not worth it, it's not worth forgiveness, if you do not feel anything in your heart. It's the lies, the disappointments, the ones that end with love. It's not worth it, it's not worth forgiveness, if you do not feel anything in your heart
You are my good what has me ecstatic Why deny that I am of you in love With your sweet soul that is all feeling. Of those black eyes of a rare brightness That dominate me and incite love You are a charm, you are my illusion. God says that glory is in heaven That it is of mortals consolation to die. I bless God because when I have you in life I do not need to go to the heavens. Yes my soul, love of my illusion The glory is you.
Love without hope that is mine I wait for you without knowing why because if I call you do not answer if I look for you I can never find you. Love without hope that is mine malhaya be my luck with your love where you live, where you have gone where you went to play with this love. My heart hurts I do not feel the soul kill me the memories that you left your portrait is hanging in the little room where I kiss you night after night. Love without hope that is mine malhaya be my luck with your love where you live, where you have gone where you went to play with this love. My heart hurts I do not feel the soul kill me the memories that you left your portrait is hanging in the little room where I kiss you night after night. Love without hope that is mine malhaya be my luck with your love where you live, where you have gone where you went to play with this love.
In these cold nights, of pure winter cold, they arrive to my room, the complaints, of the suburb. In these cold nights, of pure winter cold they arrive until my room, the complaints, of the suburb Arrancame the life, with the last kiss of love Arrancala, take my heart, Arrancame life, and if it hurts the pain, it must be for not seeing me because at last your eyes, I take them me The song that you wanted you I come to sing I still wore in the soul, And I'll give it to you I've hidden it, hidden in my soul and I'm going to give it Arrancame life, with the last kiss of love Arrancala, take my heart, Arrancame life, and if it hurts you pain, it must be for not seeing me because at last your eyes, I take them to me Arrancame life, with the last kiss of love Arrancala, take my heart, Arrancame life, and if it hurts the pain, it must be for not see me because at last your eyes, I take them.
I love you, you said, taking my hands between your little hands in ivory white, and I felt a strong heartbeat in my chest; then a sigh and then the snap of a feverish kiss. Cute doll of gold hair with pearl teeth, ruby ​​lips. Tell me if you love me as I love you; if you remember me as I do. And sometimes I hear a divine echo that, wrapped in the breeze, seems to say: If I love you very, very, very much, very much; as much as then, always until death.
Of that dark mystery of your eyes there is not even a flash for me. And from your love of yesterday only spoils are shipwrecked in the sea of ​​my life, shipwrecked in the sea of ​​my life. I should not have loved you but I loved you, I should not forget you and I forgot you. You must forgive me the evil I did to you that I forgave you from the bottom of my heart. I should not have loved you but I loved you, I should not forget you and I forgot you. You must forgive me the evil I did to you that I forgave you from the bottom of my heart.
If you knew my suffering, if I told you the immense bitterness that I have so deep inside the sad story that night after night of pain and grief fills my soul, it comes to my memory as a condemnation. If you knew, you would care if I told you that in me there is no light or joy that your memory is the hardest damage that I do myself to live by dreaming that you regret repentance. That your memory is the hardest damage that I do myself by living dreaming that you return regretful. That your memory is the hardest damage that I do myself by living dreaming that you return regretful.
You passed by my side with great indifference your Eyes did not even turn towards me I saw you. without you seeing me I spoke to you without you hearing me and all my bitterness drowned within me it hurts me to know that you forgot me that my contempt deserves me and yet you still united my existence and if I live one hundred years one hundred years I think of you It hurts me until life to know that you forgot to think that my contempt deserves I of you And nevertheless you continue united my existence and if I live one hundred years one hundred years I think of you.
They hurt me your eyes hurt me your hands hurt me your lips, they know how to fake my shadow I ask, if those lips that I want in a sacred kiss can live. Although alive, prisoner in my solitude my soul will tell you I love those lips, they keep flames of a voracious kiss that you will not forget tomorrow. Black flowers that fate separates us without mercy but the day will come, in which you will be, for me, just. Black flowers that fate separates us without mercy but the day will come when you will be for me just as.
Kiss me you, kiss me just like my mouth kissed you. Give me the frenzy that my madness gave you. Who if it was not me, could teach you the way of love. My haughtiness died, when my pride rolled at your feet. I want you to live only for me and that you go where I am going, so that my soul is no longer you, kiss me with frenzy. Give me the light that your look has and the anxiety that I saw between your lips. That madness to live and love is just love, frenzy. There is in the kiss that I gave you, soul pity, heart. Tell me you know how to feel the same as I do. I want you to live.
When a love goes away that despair When a love flies Nothing consoles my heart It makes you want to cry but it is easy to forget When wanting to leave us and that you go away without compassion I can not understand what thing is love if what you most wanted if the soul mine abandoned me But you do not have to cry you have to know how to lose the same thing a man loses a woman.
The earrings that are missing from the moon I have kept them to make a necklace I found one morning in the mist when you walked next to the immense sea. Privilege that I thank heaven because no poet could find them I keep in a golden chest are my only fortune and I will give them to you. The earrings that are missing from the Moon I have kept at the bottom of the sea. The earrings that are missing from the moon I have kept them to make a necklace I found one morning in the mist when you walked next to the immense sea. Privilege that I thank heaven because no poet could find them I keep in a golden chest are my only fortune and I will give them to you. The earrings that are missing from the Moon I have kept at the bottom of the sea.
Now that the time has passed that our love has been loaded, it is now that you and I understand that leaving us was a mistake. Moments that I lived impossible to repeat again, those things of the two that we have been looking for since then but not What I had with you was such a divine entanglement that in life I will not be able to forget. It was the glory and it was hell it was so crazy and it was so tender, that it suffers when it is no longer there. What I had with you had class had style and you can never deny that. Although we are separated each by his side is difficult to forget Now listen to me there is nothing to tell us or what to talk and you follow where you are I stay where I am that is my place. Life has been like that and ours is already past and is no longer there. We can not remember if life finds us once more.
Those men, who love them so much And who can never forget That they make us tremble with their presence And with a look they can strip us Those men, for whom we give it all Swallows that come and go That make us feel like a queen And with their indifference can dethrone They lie to us, we forgive, Yet they deceive us again They leave, sure we wait And leave between lines that can return Those men are ghosts that appear That are in our life for good or for bad That they can with a I kiss again make you dream That you can give it all These men, who love us when they want They never hold us back, nor give us freedom But in spite of everything it is difficult to love If it is not for those men That hard to live with those men Who have us as a property That they do not want to know about our jealousy And they live demanding our fidelity They lie to us, we forgive For everything, they deceive us again They leave, sure we wait And leave behind e lines that can return These men are ghosts that appear That are in our life for good or for bad That they can with a kiss again to dream That they can give it all Those men, who love us when they want They never hold us, nor give us freedom But in spite of everything difficult it is to love If it is not for those men These men are ghosts that appear That are in our life for good or for bad That they can with a kiss again make dream That they can give it all Those men, that we they want when they want They never hold us back, nor give us freedom But in spite of everything it is difficult to love If it is not for those men These men.
Look at what we are doing, always fighting like that, if later we are going to smile and kiss much more So that we can finish this love, love that is our life so that we destroy the illusion and make our separation I suffer and you suffer also for things without reason and love in moments like this can a little more And when we die we suffer more and more crying like this in this loneliness because without love neither you nor I live anymore Look at what we both do always fighting like that if later we are going to smile and kiss much more love love that is our life so that we destroy the illusion and make our separation Suffer me and you suffer also for things without reason and love in moments like that can a little more And as we die we suffer more and more crying like this in this loneliness because without love neither you nor I live anymore.
That life happens to us that lately we look at each other indifferently And that love that up until yesterday brought us boredom already gave flavor to nothing tell me That life happens to us that lately we already discussed for small things And everything that until today burned us the routine, already gave flavor to anything Reflect my life or we will live like this eternally pretending love before people we can not stand to live intimately, tell me that you grant us life that lately we look at each other indifferently And that this love that until yesterday brought us together has already fed up It gave flavor to nothing.
Forget me, I know I can not have you again even though I know that you love me like no one else has loved me and I love you like no one else I want to forget me, I know well that you can not you can not love me, forget me go away, do not tell Nobody that you loved me and I adored you. Promise me that although you live far away, even if you want my kisses, you will remember that I will live dreaming of your kisses and those eyes that I will never forget. Promise me that although you live far away if you want my kisses you will remember that I, I will live dreaming of your kisses and those eyes that I will never forget.
Look, you're pretty. How beautiful you are. Truth, that in the world I have not seen doll prettier than you. With those big eyes that look like suns, with that look, always in love, with what you look at. Look, you're pretty. How beautiful you are. Being by your side, truth that I feel closer to God. Because you are divine, beautiful and exquisite, that only a rose fallen from heaven was like you. Look, you're pretty. How beautiful you are. Being by your side, truth that I feel closer to God. Because you are divine, beautiful and exquisite, that only a rose fallen from heaven was like you.
A rose painted blue is a motif A simple sea star is a motive Writing a poem is easy if there is a reason And can even create new worlds of fantasy Eyes bathed in light are a motive A lips wanting to kiss are a reason And I remain looking at you and finding so many reasons I conclude that my best motive is you.
Thank you very much old love for having made me happy in the days we loved each other; Today that I evoke your love I would like to see you again and be with you again. How much old love would have you again in me even for a moment; I know very well that I lost you and that you will never return but I can not forget you. The truth is that an old love is never forgotten, he lives in you and lives in me all my life. When it was old love to have you back in me, even for a moment I know very well that I lost you and that you will never return but I can not forget you. The truth is that an old love is never forgotten, he lives in you and lives in me all my life. How much old love would have you again in me even for a moment; I know very well that I lost you and that you will never return but I can not forget you.
Caribbean I am from the land of love of the land where the sun rises, where the green palms sway gracefully to the breath of the sea. Caribbean I am from the land of love of the land where the sun rises, where the green palms sway gracefully to the breath of the sea. I am looking for a love that takes from my soul the sorrow that fills me with happiness, a tropical love. I want to feel the caresses of a new illusion of surrendering all my heart to this tropical love. I am looking for a love that takes from my soul the sorrow that fills me with happiness, a tropical love. I want to feel the caresses of a new illusion of surrendering all my heart to this tropical love. Caribbean, Caribbean I am.
That, the one that they say is my lover but that keeps on loving me until the delirium Esa, the one that is cause of horror because it did not go out of white that deserves the glory and has a history in my heart How many dresses are white no more over there who says I love you and gives love when I turn a corner That's why, the one they say is my lover but that goes on that deserves the glory and has a story in my heart How many dresses are white no more over there is someone who says you I love and give love when I turn a corner. That's why, the one that they say is my lover but keeps going that deserves the glory and has a story in my heart.
I can not see you sad because my little face of grief kills me my sweet love It hurts me so much the weeping that you shed, that my heart fills with anguish. I suffer the unspeakable if you grieve I do not want doubt to make you cry We have sworn to love each other until death and if the dead love after death love us more. If I die first is your promise: about my corpse drop all the tears that arise from your sadness and that everyone knows your love. If you die first I promise you that I will write the story of our love with all the soul full of feelings, I will write it with blood with blood ink of the heart. If you die first I promise you that I will write the story of our love with all the soul full of feelings, I will write it with blood with blood ink of the heart.
A century of absence I'm suffering for you And a bitter impatience causes me to live So separated from you Thinking that I will not see you again Pretend I'm happy Without your love Crying with my pain The inclement life Separates you from me And a century of absence I am suffering for you In the crowd I look for the eyes that made me so happy and I can not find In other lips the illusion that I already lost The inclement life Separates you from me And a century of absence I am suffering for you And a century of absence I am suffering for you.
Sitting in the hall of disillusionment and so much lost love questions me my menté flew trying to explain the nights that went with the dawn After a thousand loves of so many illusions I understand that my soul is still alone that always in love I opened my heart for only accommodation a few hours Heart of hotel let yourself be willing to dare to surrender even once Heart of hotel you have to understand that time is running out and the time came to love Because love left because nobody stays if I always give myself for complete the guilt is only yours that you want adventure and you have never hosted feelings You never heart you opened in love for more than a few hours accommodation Heart of hotel let yourself be willing to dare to surrender even once Heart of hotel you have to understand that it is over time and it was time to love That time is running out and the time came to love.
Love is written with tears in the bitter diary of my disenchantment. Love that you sowed one day, roses of hope in my soul. Love that you arrived laughing, love that you are crying, yesterday of said singing, today. Without illusions, with my sorrows. dying Your love It was a love as of Santo, warm light in the nights of my loss. I adore you. and in spite of loving you so much, Today you have taught me that love is written. with crying.
You will lovingly arrive, lovingly and when you arrive you will know of this sweet desire that in my lips they sleep. That these hands of mine keep warm of caresses and in my heart beats a song for when you arrive Lovingly you will arrive, lovingly and you will be like a flower that was born in the heat of this desire to see you I lovingly dreamed I waited for you and lovingly for this love I will live Lovingly you will arrive, lovingly and when you arrive you will know of this sweet desire that in my lips they sleep. That these hands mine keep warm of caresses and in my heart beats a song for when you arrive Lovingly you will arrive, lovingly and you will be like a flower that was born in the heat of this eagerness to see you Lovingly I dreamed you lovingly I waited for you and lovingly for this love I will live.
Two gardenias for you, with them I want to say I love you, I adore you, my life. Give them your full attention because they are your heart and mine. Two gardenias for you, that will have all the warmth of a kiss. Of those kisses that I gave you and that you will never find in the love of another love. By your side they will live and they will speak to you as when you are with me and you will even believe that they will tell you I love you. But if a sunset the gardenias of my love die is because they have guessed that your love has finished me because there is another love. By your side they will live and they will speak to you as when you are with me and you will even believe that they will tell you I love you. But if a sunset the gardenias of my love die is because they have guessed that your love has finished me because there is another love.
Hypocrite. simply perverse hypocrite. You made fun about me. With your fatal wisdom, you poisoned me, and I know that in vain, I fell in love with you. And know, listen to me and understand me, I can not, I can not live anymore. Like the ivy of evil, you got tangled up, and since you do not love me, I'm going to die. Hypocrite. simply hypocritical. perverse, you mocked me. With your fatal wisdom, you poisoned me, and I know that in vain, I fell in love with you. and know, listen to me, and understand me, I can not, I can not live anymore. Like ivy of evil, you got tangled up, and since you do not love me, I'm going to die.
So far from you, I will not live. So far from you, I'm going to die Between this tavern so full of glasses wanting to forget but not even the glasses, Mr. tabernero make me forget I go out looking for consolation looking for a love But it's impossible, my faith is dry leaf that killed the pain I do not want to look for you and I do not expect you to do it because for what the romance is over, you killed a life a love is over If perhaps my eyes full of sadness could cry but in my life I have never cried for any love It is impossible, stop wanting her Mr. landlord, serve me another cup that I want to forget I go out to the street looking for consolation looking for a love But it is impossible, my faith is dry leaf that killed the pain I do not want to look for you nor I hope that you do it because for what The romance is over, you killed a life my love is over If perhaps my eyes full of sadness could cry but in my life I have never cried for any love Since it is impossible, stop loving her landlord, serve me another Opa that I want to forget.
You do not love me because you know I'm poor you do not care that I lose my reason only you are interested in copper being the metal that you rent your heart When your life comes to sunset and you find yourself despised everywhere you will suffer in silence your failure you will take in your soul a love of copper you yourself wanted everything in life has its value but your kisses and caresses you sold to a poor wanderer who bought you love Do not love me because you know I'm poor do not care that I lose the reason only you are interested in copper being the metal that your heart rents you When your life comes to sunset and you find yourself despised everywhere you will suffer in silence your failure you will take in your soul a suffering Copper love you yourself wanted everything in the Life has its value but your kisses and caresses you sold to a poor wanderer who bought you love.
Loves that went pilgrims loves loves that left leaving in your soul black whirlwinds Just as the foams left by the wide river leave your illusions being destroyed by the whirlpool Foams that leave beautiful traveling roses rise in dancers and small flakes forming the landscape The traveling foams will never return like the illusions that these passengers gave you. Trembling foams of fugitive waters are portraying loves and beautiful memories left by life They braid in crowns of white blossoms of pink diadems when they carry flowers from the everlasting foams that leave beautiful traveling roses rise in dancers and small flakes forming the landscape. Never again will the traveling foams return as the illusions that said passengers gave you.
When I'm with you I do not know what is more beautiful if the color of the sky or the color of your hair. I do not know of sorrows, it's all joy, I only know that you are my life. When I'm with you, I do not know if there's a better sound in the breeze than your cheerful laughter. If you put your hands close to mine, I doubt there are cold mornings. When I am with you there are no failures everything I want I find it in your arms. When I am with you I am filled with pride, I want you to shout that I am all yours. When I am with you, I do not know that your fragile figure or a bird that winters is more tender. When I am with you I change the glory for the enormous joy of being in your history.
The first night I saw you. I already knew that you were for me never other kisses I preferred because you are always in my Divine Woman as you fascinate me and you dominate my heart And that is why I am happy because now I have you pretty brown you are for me and I am always of ti Mulata, my darling my heaven, I love you I adore you, divine woman The first night I saw you. I already knew that you were for me never other kisses I preferred because you are always in my Mulata, my darling my heaven, I love you I adore you, divine woman Cute, cute brown you are for me and I will always be, I will always be you Mulata, my darling my heaven, I love you I adore you, divine woman Mulatto, my darling my heaven, I love you I adore you, divine woman And that is why, and that is why I am happy because now I have you I have you. Mulata, my darling my heaven, I love you I adore you, divine woman Divine woman as you fascinate me and you dominate me all the heart Mulata, my darling my heaven, I love you I adore you, divine woman Divine woman as you fascinate me and you dominate my heart.
Way of the bridge I will go to throw your love to the river to watch as it falls to the void and the current takes it A deep hole I will open in a distant mountain to bury the nights, the mornings that I spent in your arms My heart and I will get after agreement and very soon there will be no memory of you. Way of the bridge I will go to throw your love to the river to see how it falls to the void and the current takes it My heart and I will get after agreement and very soon there will be no more of you not a single memory Way of the bridge I will go to throw your love to the river to watch as it falls into the void and the current takes it away.
I would like to tell you that I love you as no one in my life has said I will look for words in heaven of which God says there in the infinite I would like to kiss you otherwise give you an unknown love, I would like to kiss you I do not know and know end your love that is so beautiful Find in my eyes the sadness of not having found you since I was a child I always had your name in my head it will be because I was born thinking about your love I would like to tell you that I love you as nobody in life has said to look for words in the sky of which God says there in the infinite.
Nobody understands what I suffer So much I can no longer sob Just trembling with anxiety I am All look at me and leave Woman. If you can talk to God, ask him if I ever stopped worshiping you. To the sea mirror of my heart the times you have seen me cry the perfidy of your love I have looked for you everywhere I go and I can not find you so I want other kisses if your lips do not want to kiss me and you who knows where you will walk who knows what adventure you will have far away from me.
I loved her more than my life, more than my mother I loved her; and his love was my happiness, my only joy was his love. A cold winter morning in my arms died; and since then I go through the world with the memory of that love. Where are you heart, I do not hear your throbbing, the pain is so great that I can not cry. I would like to cry and I have no more crying I loved her so much and she went away never to return I loved her with all my heart the way you want only once, but the cruel and bloody destiny wanted to leave me without her love. Only death could tear away that idyll of tender love; and one cold winter morning in my arms he died. Where are you heart, I do not hear your throbbing, the pain is so great that I can not cry. I would like to cry and I do not have any more crying I loved her so much and left to never come back to never come back to never come back.
After so much suffering the pain of feeling your forgetfulness after everything was given to you by my poor wounded heart You have come back to see me so that I know of your misfortune by the bitterness of a love equal to the one you gave me I will not be able to forgive or give you what you gave me, you must know that from a dead affection there is no resentment And if you intend to remove the ruins that you yourself made only ashes you will find everything that was my love
I'll wait for you to feel the same as me, for the moon to look the same color. I'll wait for you to guess my verses of love, to find warmth in my arms. I'll wait for yayas where I'm going, for your soul to give me how I give it to you. I'll wait for you to learn at night to dream, to suddenly want to kiss me. I'll wait for your hands to take me, that in your memory you want me forever to make my presence the world you want to feel, one day you can not without my love live. I'll wait until you feel nostalgia for me, ask me not to separate from you. Maybe it's never you of me but my love I'll wait. May my presence be the world that you want to feel, that one day you can not live without my love. I'll wait until you feel nostalgia for me, ask me not to separate from you. Maybe it's never you of me but my love I'll wait.
Just rolling around the world, with a deep pain and unable to cry. Then the frost of the years, covering like a cloth my anguish and my pain. Why did you wait so long to leave? Why did you let your love corrode me? You could have made it more human and say goodbye earlier and my life would not die. Now you go in Spring, as if you did not know that for me it is mortal. Now it's late and I feel sorry my soul is very full of you and your evil. Why you swore that you loved me without feeling it when you tangled my hair with love. You could have stopped in time to tell me, "Look, Niño is a game and nothing else." Now you go in Spring, as if you did not know that for me it is mortal. Now it's late and I feel sorry my soul is very full of you and your evil. Why you swore that you loved me without feeling it when you tangled my hair with love. You could have stopped in time to tell me, Look, Niño is a game and nothing more.
Tell your new lover that there is nothing to fear because it has been a long time since I erased you from my mind and I do not remember you because I have all my attention on someone who really deserves to know how to pamper me as I dreamed He takes care of me, I take care of him, he kisses me, I kiss him we share our love and I do not have a moment available to take care of who never respected my love I have wasted my time thinking, believing the false promises that you made you wish you could make him very happy and so do not have to suffer the disappointment that I suffered Tell your new love that there is nothing to fear because it has been a long time since I erased you from my mind and I do not remember you because all my attention I have on someone who deserves it really knowing how to pamper me as I dreamed It takes care of me, I take care of it, it kisses me, I kiss it we share our affection and I do not have a moment available to take care of who never respected my love I have wasted my time thinking, believing the false ones promises that you made hopefully you can make him very happy and so I do not have to suffer the disappointment that I suffered.
As it was, Do not tell yourself how it was Not to explain what happened But I fell in love with you It was a light That illuminated my whole being Your laughter like a spring It filled my life with restlessness. It was your eyes or your mouth They were your hands or your voice It was maybe the impatience Of waiting so long.your arrival I do not know, not telling you how it was Not explaining what happened But I fell in love with you As it was, I do not tell you how it was not to explain what happened But I fell in love with you It was a light That illuminated my whole being Your laughter like a spring It filled my life with restlessness. It was your eyes or your mouth They were your hands or your voice It was maybe the impatience Of so much waiting. Your arrival But I do not know, not telling you how it was Not explaining what happened But I fell in love with you.
You forget that you love me despite what you say because we carry in our soul scars impossible to erase. You forget that I can even do you wrong if I decide because your love I have very committed but will not necessarily be. And today it turns out that I am not of the stature of your life and when dreaming other loves you forget that there is a pact between the two. For my part, I give back your promise to worship me. Do not even feel sorry for letting me know that this covenant is not with God. You forget that I can even do you wrong if I decide because your love I have very committed but will not necessarily be. And today it turns out that I am not of the stature of your life and when dreaming other loves you forget that there is a pact between the two. For my part, I give back your promise to worship me. Do not even feel sorry for letting me know that this covenant is not with God.
Love of the street that you sell your kisses in exchange for love even if you love him, even if you wait for him, he delays arriving. You forget your sorrow singing and crying, pretending to laugh and the cold of the night punishes your soul and you lose the faith. Love of the street that you are looking for, you go affection, with your face painted, with your face painted, and your heart hurt. If you had a love, a real affection, you would be maybe different, like other women, but they have lied to you so much. When you have suffered a lot, you are crying in the street; and if the world understood you, but they do not know your pain. Love of the street you are looking for affection with your face painted, with your face painted and your heart hurt When you have suffered a lot, you are crying in the street; and if the world understood you, but they do not know your pain. Love of the street you are looking for affection with your face painted, with your face painted and your heart hurt.
I can not miss the sky, the light and I without the light to live but if you miss me I do not know what would be of me Next to you I live the love because in your back you feel so happy if it were not for your love I I do not know what would be of me I met your gaze to be blind with love and today I do not change your look for a sun I can miss heaven, light and I without light live but if you miss me I do not know It would be from me I met your gaze to be blind with love and today I do not change your look for a sun I can miss heaven, light and I without the light to live but if you miss me I do not know what would be of my If the sun were missing a blind day I will die.
They say that I should not be deluded that your love is not within my reach that I lost a long time They laugh when I say that you are going to return with me and that I am going to be happy They swear that I am already crazy in the madness and they have seen me talking there alone They can say what they want of my love for you, shutting me forever between four walls and a roof You can swear that in your new life there is no place for the man who knew how to give you the most beautiful moments You can do whatever you want with my heart to tear it from My chest and no, I will never deny you. It can take four centuries and an eternity and I will continue in my solitude every day waiting for you. You can do whatever you want with me and I never, never, never. I'm going to forget you They can say whatever they want of my love for you to shut me up forever between four walls and a roof You can swear that in your new life there is no place for the man who knew how to give you the most beautiful moments You can do whatever you want with my Heart rip it from my chest and no, I will never deny you. It can take four centuries and an eternity and I will continue in my solitude every day waiting for you. You can do whatever you want with me and I never, never, never. I'm going to forget you.
If I could erase his life, I would erase it, even if I wanted to erase it as well. When I met her, I never believed what she said; Poor me, because I loved her when I loved her. I am maligned by the woman that I love the most And that woman lives with me wanting another. I have kept my body and soul in hell, I am bad but leave it for God, I can not. Oh, what agony, poor me, be bad, Even so, day and night lives with me I am maligned by the woman that I love the most And that woman lives with me wanting another. I have kept body and soul in hell, I am bad but leave it for God, I can not Even so, day and night lives with me.
Take me, with you in the memory. Take me, I do not want you to forget me. I want to be the reason, invisible, of your thought, I want to be with you, like your shadow, at all times, But take me, attached to your hair. Take me, hidden between your lips. Or in the pendant, which looks your neck, snow and satin. but take me, take me to the end. But, take me, attached to your hair. Take me, hidden between your lips. Or in the pendant, that looks your neck, of snow and satin, but Take me, take me to the end.
Women's words that I heard near you, together with you, very quiet, as quiet as ever. I want to repeat them so that you, just like yesterday, say them sobbing, women's words. Even if I do not want or want you, God wants it and until forever eternity my love will follow you. Like a shadow I will go, I will perfume your inspiration and next to you I will also be in pain. Even if I do not want or want you, God wants it and until forever eternity my love will follow you. Even in your kisses you will find me even in the water and in the sun even if you do not want to, even if I do not want to.
No, you can not stop loving me because you know that God will already punish you if you break your promise of love No, you can not forget me because inside your soul there is only one image and that image is me You swore on an altar in confession that you would never forget me and today you intend to break your oaths leaving me without you No, you can not stop loving me because you know that God will already punish you if you break your promise of love No, you can not forget me because inside your soul there is only one image and that I am the image You swore on an altar in confession that you would never forget me and today you intend to break your oaths leaving me without you Ay! no, you can not stop loving me because you know that God will already punish you if you break your promise of love your promise of love.
Your eyes have a strange charm, your eyes sad as a child who has not felt any affection; your eyes sad as saintly. Your eyes have a strange charm, your eyes sad as a child that has not felt any affection, your eyes sad as saint. Oh! If it were not to ask you so much, I would ask you to live on your knees, always looking at your sad eyes: eyes that have eyes that taste like weeping. Oh! If it were not to ask you so much, I would ask you to live on your knees, always looking at your sad eyes: eyes that have eyes that taste like weeping.
There is not a moment of the day when I can get away from you, the world seems different when you are not with me There is no beautiful melody in which you do not arise and I want to hear it if you do not listen to it You have become part of me soul and nothing comforts me if you are not too Beyond your lips of the sun and the stars with you in the distance beloved mine, I am.
Gardenia perfume has your mouth beautiful flashes of light in your look. Your laughter is a rhyme of joyful notes your hair moves like waves of the sea Your body is a copy of Venus and Cytheres that women envy when they see you pass And you carry in the soul the virginal purity that is why it is your beauty of a mystic candor Perfume of gardenia has your mouth perfume of gardenia perfume of love. Perfume of gardenia has your mouth perfume of gardenia perfume of love.
The tree, the flower of the sky, your hand over mine and a heart that we recorded with two letters that joined together. One year passes the time, the tree, while it was growing, the engraving was erased, our love was dying. embroider every day another caress your hand while alone is mine The tree is very alone in black was dressed two other children recorded their names while laughing Follow the wheel of time is turning life! and the tree keeps my wound in its heart! There are other initials that embroidered each day another caress your hand while alone is mine The tree was very lonely in black was dressed two other children recorded their names while laughing Follow the wheel of time is turning life! and the tree keeps my wound in its heart! In your Heart, my wound
Source: Fernando Miranda Are your letters my hope, my fears, my joy, and even if it's nonsense write me. write me. Your silence grieves me worries and predisposes and even with blots, write to me, write to me I need your letters more than my own life, the best thing would be to die if one day you forgot me. When they reach my hands, their reading moves me, and even if they are bad news, write to me, write to me. I need your letters more than my own life, the best thing would be to die if one day you forgot me. When they reach my hands, their reading moves me, and even if they are bad news, write me, write to me.
You are everything in my life my faith and my hope my best wishes I have encrypted you Separate us can not time and distance because your thoughts at night when you sleep bring me closer to you There is nothing in this life as big and true as the immense affection I feel for you Even if I want to forget you I could not because your thoughts at night when you sleep bring me closer to you. There is nothing in this life as big and true as the immense affection I feel for you. Even if I want to forget you I could not because your thoughts at night when you sleep bring me closer to you. Because your thoughts at night when you sleep bring me closer to you.
In a corner of the soul where I have the pain that your goodbye left me, in a corner of the soul that poem that our love created is bored. in a corner of the soul I need your presence that time stole from me, your face, your hair that so many nights our hand caressed. In a corner of the soul, the "I love you" hurt that your passion gave me, we will be very happy, I will never leave you. you will always be my love. In a corner of the soul I also keep the failure that time gave me, I condemn it in silence to seek a consolation for my heart. I think it's a lie, after having loved as I have wanted, it seems to me a lie to find myself as alone as I am today, that life serves if, after a little joy, a great pain follows. I think it's a lie that I will not listen to your voice tonight either. In a corner of the soul where I have the pain that you leave me your goodbye, in a corner of the soul that poem that our love created is bored. With the most beautiful things I will keep your memory that time did not succeed, remove it from my soul, I will keep it until the day I leave.
My love is like a white rose is the dreamed soul of a flower, that in your breast sobbing is lit, It is so big that it does not fit in the world anymore. My love is like the light of a volcano, that your life will light. Although I never tell you nice things, nor kiss you, like others kissed you. My love is so pure and so holy, that no matter how much you look for another, never. you will find it. It is so big that it does not fit in the world anymore. My love is like the light of a volcano, that your life will light. Although I never tell you nice things, nor kiss you, like others kissed you. My love is so pure and so holy, that no matter how much you look for another, never. you will find it.
Below zero is my love I no longer feel or suffer when my illusion fails, I ripped you from the thought Under zero is my love I bring a dagger in your chest the edge of your betrayal, the edge of your betrayal severed my feeling Under zero is my love what same as the North Pole does not warm me nor the sun, my life is eternal night Under zero is my love there is nothing that comforts me I no longer have a heart, I no longer have a heart, everything in me is disappointment Under zero is my love the same that the North Pole does not warm me or the sun, my life is eternal night Under zero is my love there is nothing that consoles me since I do not have a heart, I no longer have a heart, everything in me is disappointment.
To dream that I hold you in my arms that I give you my caresses with all the strength of the heart dreaming that you burn your kisses with the burning flame that sprouts your lips with crazy passion After although I cry sadness that I care to be alone if I feel happy Dying I do not care if death helps me to dream with your love to dream. I have in my arms that I give you my caresses with all the strength of my heart. Even though I cry sadness, I care to be alone if I feel happy. I do not care if death helps me to dream with your love to dream. I have in my arms that I give you my caresses with all the strength of my heart.
They speak of an amazing love As intense and fascinating As the spring sun They tell of a love that is so perfect So beautiful and so honest That it is exhibited everywhere They say of that love that they are for each other And they are simply talking about us Ours is a love for history Every memory will mark our whole life Ours is a love Greater than love So great is my star and my flag Ours is a love that is so profound That it astonishes the world That gives hope and new hope Ours is a love That escapes the reason Violent as the fire that does not burn They talk about an almost impossible love Shelf and unpredictable That caresses and runs over They say that love that they are for each other And they are talking simply of us Ours is a love for history Each memory will mark our whole life Ours is a love Greater than love So great is my star and my flag Ours is a love that is so profound That it astonishes the world That gives hope and new yearnings Ours is a love That escapes the reason Violent as the fire that does not burn Ours is a love for history
There's the wall that separates your life from mine. There's the wall that does not let us get close. That damn wall, I'm going to break it some day. You'll see, my darling, you'll come back that day. I can not look at you. I can not hold you. I can not kiss you. feel mine Mine nothing else but that cursed wall I'm going to break someday so I can not interrupt our lives I can not look at you I can not hold you I can not kiss you Nor feel mine Mine nothing but me nothing more That damn wall I'm going to break some day so that it can no longer interrupt our lives. There's the wall!
Your kisses came to be recreated here in my mouth filling my crazy life with excitement and passion The happiest hours of my love were with you That's why my soul always misses the sweet relief I can swear before an altar my sincere love A Everyone can tell you that if I love you Your lips taught me to feel what is tenderness and I will never stop blessing so much sweetness.
I live alone, without you, without being able to forget a moment no more. I live poor of love, waiting for whom, it does not give me an illusion. I watch the time pass, and the winter arrive, everything except you, if another love comes to call me I do not want to hear it. Another night I waited, another night without you, increased my pain, from cigar to cigarette, ashes and fumes in my heart. I live alone without you, without being able to forget a moment no more. I live poor of love, waiting for someone who does not give me an illusion. I watch the time pass, the winter arrive, everything, except you, if another love comes to call me I do not want to hear it. Another night I waited, another night without you, increased my pain, from cigar to cigarette, ashes and fumes in my heart. I live alone without you, without being able to forget a moment no more. I live poor of love, waiting for someone who does not give me an illusion. I watch the time pass, and the winter arrive, everything, except you, if another love comes to call me I do not want it or hear I do not want to hear it.
I seek your memory inside my chest, From our past that was of joy But only my thoughts reach Great bitterness for my soul. I know that you do not have to return, I do not intend it. I am guilty of your absence, my darling. But if you knew what I am suffering, you will remember again because I am cold. Nobody like you to love me so much, That's why I call you, crying my sorrows Because in the darkness of my cruel brokenness without your love, my life would be a condemnation. But if you knew that I am suffering again Remembering because I am cold. I have a lot of cold in my soul without the warmth of your kisses I have a lot of cold in my soul without the warmth of your kisses.
Luna, ask her to come back and tell her that I love her, I just wait for her on the shore of the sea, Luna, you know her and you know that the nights we spent together on the seashore. Very sad memories I still have to see you at night. her sensual lips and her sweet look, my great love Luna tell her to come back and tell her I love her I just wait for her on the seashore Very sad memories I have left to see you at night light up I remember her sensual lips and her sweet look, my great love Luna, ask her to come back and tell her I love her, I just wait for her on the seashore.
When you do not love me, do not pretend, honey, do not have pity, compassion, or fear. If you gave me your forgetfulness I do not blame you or I do not give you the disgust of looking at my pain. I will depart singing my saddest poem, I will sing to everyone what you loved me. And when nobody listens to my old songs I will stop my way in a distant town and there I will die. I know that you do not want me anymore, your eyes have told me, I will go through the routes that have no end. I will always wander, I will always leave without anger and my lips without kisses will sing a madrigal. I will depart singing my saddest poem, I will sing to everyone what you loved me. And when nobody listens to my old songs I will stop my way in a distant town and there I will die.
Hello Soledad, it does not surprise me your presence you are almost always with me, an old friend greets you this meeting is one more Hello loneliness, tonight I was waiting for you! Although I do not tell you anything, it's so big, my sadness, you know my pain. I'm a wounded bird that cries only in its nest because it can not fly and that's why I'm with you. Soledad I am your friend come, come let's chat Hi Soledad I'm not surprised by your presence you're almost always with me, an old friend greets you, this meeting is one more. I am a wounded bird that cries alone in its nest because it can not fly, and that's why I talk to you. loneliness I am your friend come, come let's chat Hi loneliness, tonight I was waiting for you! Even if you do not tell me anything it's so big my sadness you know my pain Hello Soledad! Hi loneliness! Hi loneliness!
The door closed behind you and never appeared again. You left abandoned the illusion, which was in my heart for you The door closed behind you and so behind you my love left. Believing that I could convince, your soul of my suffering But you could not bear the pain that gave us the same adversity, as well as gave us happiness, came to punish us with pain The door closed behind you and never again you came back You left the illusion abandoned, that was in my heart for you. But you did not know how to bear the pain that gave us the same adversity, as well as gave us happiness, came to punish us with pain The door closed behind you and never appeared again. You left the illusion abandoned, that was in my heart for you.
I lost you like that good player loses that the reverse luck marked his fatal destiny I already played with my open letters to love the trust that I had cut our happiness But instead you played me chips without value black chips as is the color of your perversity I already lost and I swear I will not play again because I will never love as I love you But instead you played me chips without value black chips as is the color of your perversity I already lost and I swear I will not play again I will never love again as I love you.
Swear to me that although you spend a lot of time you will think about the moment I met you Look at me, because there is nothing deeper or bigger in this world than the love I gave you Kiss me with a kiss in love as no one has kissed me since the day I was born Love me, love me to madness so you'll know the bitterness I'm suffering for you Everyone says it's a lie that I love you because they've never seen me in love I swear I do not understand why your look has captivated me When I'm near you I'm already happy I would not want anyone to remember you I'm jealous even of the thought that I can remind you of another loved one.
By high, Be the sky in the world. By deep, Let it be the deep sea. There will not be, A barrier in the world, That my love, Deep does not break for you. Love, It is the bread of life. Love, It is the divine cup. Love, It's something without a name, That obsesses man, For a woman. I am, Obsessed with you, The world is witness, Of my frenzy. And for more, Let fate oppose, You will be for me, for me. By high, Be the sky in the world. By deep, Let it be the deep sea. There will not be, A barrier in the world, That my deep love, Do not break for you.
Kiss me, kiss me a lot like it was tonight the last time Kiss me, kiss me so much I'm afraid to lose you, lose you later. I want to have you very close look in your eyes to be with you. Think that maybe tomorrow I will be far away from here. Kiss me, kiss me a lot like it was tonight the last time Kiss me, kiss me so much I'm afraid to lose you, lose you later.
Midnight virgin, virgin that's you; to adore you all tear your blue cloak. Lady of sin, moon of my passion, look at me kneeling next to your heart. Incense of kisses I give you; hear my prayer of love. Midnight Virgin covers your nakedness, I will lower the stars, to light your feet. Incense of kisses I give you; hear my prayer of love. Midnight Virgin covers your nakedness, I will lower the stars, to light your feet.
Tired, to follow your steps, resigned to lose you Deal, to break the ties, that make me love you Searching, finding forgetting, crying like a child I move away, now from your cell, looking for another affection. If you already killed, my hopes, and cruelly hurt my heart. There is no point in continuing to love, to continue dreaming of your illusion. Crumbs, only crumbs, you have meditated on your love. That is why, tired of crumbs, I better say goodbye. If you already killed, my hopes, and cruel you hurt my heart It has no purpose, to continue loving you, to continue dreaming of your illusion Crumbs, only crumbs, you measured of your love That's why, tired of crumbs, I better say goodbye.
Even if you keep living, for me you are already dead. Even if you come knocking insistently on my door. From what little I have, I will give you alms, like any beggar, but in love things, do not count on me anymore. You made me cry, you made me suffer, but everything has changed, today I have to laugh. Even if you keep living, I forgot your offenses. but you remembering, you would not look for me, if you were ashamed. From what little I have, I will give you alms, like any beggar, but in love things, do not count on me anymore. You made me cry, you made me suffer, but everything has changed, today I have to laugh. Even if you keep living, for me you are dead and you remember, you would not look for me, if you were ashamed.
Total, if you had wanted me I would have already forgotten, of your love and sometimes if I do not have your kisses I do not die for that I am already tired of so much kissing Thinking that getting to love you is believing that death could be avoided once it was lost time that you have meditated, then tell me that it can not be Total, if you had wanted me I would have already forgotten, of your wanting and sometimes if I do not have your kisses I do not die for that I am already tired of so much kissing Thinking to come to love you is to believe that death could be avoided and time was lost time that you have meditated, then tell me that it can not be that it can not be, that I could not live without knowing you, and then I can live without you.
Anguish of not having you Torment of not having your love Anguish of not kissing you more Nostalgia of not listening to your voice I will never be able to forget Our nights by the sea With you it was all illusion The anguish filled my heart I will never be able to forget Our nights by the sea With you all illusion fluttered Anguish filled my heart.
I am a prisoner of the rhythm of the sea of ​​an infinite desire to love and your heart. I go to the beach your love to search in the light of the moon to sing my despair. I want to come to love you in a dawn of crystal stillness. I want to have you in a tropical sunset. Come my chain of love to break to take away the pain of being a prisoner of the sea.
Although you have left me in abandonment Even though you have died all my illusions Instead of cursing you with just anger in my dreams I fill you in my dreams I fill you with blessings. I suffer the immense sorrow of your loss I feel the deep pain of your departure and I cry without you knowing that my tears have black tears have black tears like my life. I suffer the immense sorrow of your loss I feel the deep pain of your departure and I cry without you knowing that my tears have black tears have black tears like my life. He has black tears like my life.
Oh! How uncertain is the cruelty if your kisses are of love or are only to deceive. Oh! This bitter regret if she deserves my pain and I have to forget her. If you are going to judge her heart, never think she is bad, if she is brave and understands you, do not lose heart. Pain and love, heart are worth little to her if she deserves more than that, give your life heart Uncertainty is the pain of love. If you are going to judge her heart, never think she is bad, if she is brave and understands you, do not lose heart. Pain and love, heart are worth little to her if she deserves more than that, give your heart life. Uncertainty is the pain of love.
Maybe it would be better if you did not come back Maybe it would be better if you forgot me Back, is to start tormenting us to love us without beginning or end We have done so much, so much damage that love between us, it is martyrdom never wanted to reach disappointment or forgetfulness, nor the delirium we will always remain the same Affection like ours is a punishment that is carried in the soul until death My luck needs your luck and you need me much more For that reason there will never be a farewell or any peace will be to console us The past of pain , has to find us on our knees in life face to face. and nothing more.
I know that you always doubt my love, and I do not blame you and I know that you have not been able to make of my love what your love dreamed. I know that the illusion that you forged in me was very great, to then find impatience and coldness in my love. She understands that my mocked love was already so many times that my poor heart has stayed at the end with so little faith. You have to help me get what I lost with so much deceit, you have to help me again to love and forgive. She understands that my mocked love was already so many times that my poor heart has stayed at the end with so little faith. You have to help me get what I lost with so much deceit, you have to help me again to love and forgive.
You do not understand that I can not live without you. You do not understand that I only live thinking about you. Ah, if you knew how much loneliness overwhelms me, you will never leave me without your love. My grief and crying are consuming me; tired I feel so waiting. And you do not understand that if I suffer so much, it's because I love you, I really love you. Spring has returned with its flowers, the sky is adorned with gold and sapphire. And everyone says wait and do not cry, and you do not understand what I'm waiting for you.
I adore the street where we met, the night when we met, I love the things you tell me, our happy times I adore them, my life. I love the way you smile, the way you sometimes scold me, I love the silk of your hands, the kisses we give ourselves, I adore them, my life. And I'm dying to have you next to me, close, very close to me, not separate from you; And you are my existence, my feeling, you are my moon, you are my sun, you are my night of love. I adore the brightness of your eyes, the sweetness that is in your red lips, I adore the way you sigh and even when you walk I adore you my life; I, I adore you, life, my life I, I, I adore you; life, my life. I adore you.
Night of Ronda That sad happens, That sad crosses For my balcony. Night of Ronda How it hurts me How it hurts My heart. Moon that breaks On the darkness Of my loneliness Where is it going? Tell me if tonight You're going round As she left Who are you with? Tell him I love you Tell him I'm dying Of so much waiting He'll come back. That the rounds are not good That they hurt They give pain And it ends up crying.
A cruel world has condemned me without compassion has sentenced me instead I do not feel fear dying of love While judging my life I see only a way out against my heart to die of love. To die of love is to die alone in darkness face to face with loneliness without being able to implore, clemency or mercy You are the light and in my dusk your love is flower my love is offered my life has no value dying of love If our love is invincible and before the impossible people I have no other solution to die of love With high front and firm step I have to overcome this failure and simulating my pain die of love Die of love as if it were of illness with life having to pay if the heart is given , why it is necessary to sin Goodbye to the world and its problems goodbye to that one that condemns to me that all are left with their error to die of love, to Die of love, to die of love.
Night to night I dream of you I feel your life in mine What a divine shadow What a distant echo I can barely hear. When you love me, when I see you smile, the bells will vibrate and happy butterflies will wear their colors in a gentle sway. When you love me when you tell me that I will steal the stars to offer you one day and surrender to your feet. The flowers that in blush will reflect the brightness of your eyes, when you love me will rise on your balcony. When you love me, when I see you smile, the bells will vibrate and happy butterflies will wear their colors in a gentle sway. The flowers that in blush will reflect the brightness of your eyes will rise on your balcony When you love me when you tell me that I will steal the stars to offer you one day and surrender to your feet.
Singing I want to tell you what I like about you, the things that make me fall in love and make you mistress of me, Your forehead your hair and your rhythmic walk, the sweet spell of your look. I like everything about you I like everything about you And there is no more adoration in me, what I have is enough, to love my sweet love come to me, come to me for God. I like everything about you I like everything about you And there is no more adoration in me, what I have is enough, to love my sweet love come to me, come to me for God. I like everything about you I like everything about you And there is no more adoration in me, what I have is enough, to love my sweet love come to me, come to me for God. I like everything about you I like everything about you And there is no more adoration in me, what I have is enough, to love my sweet love come to me, come to me for God.
I wanted to find in other kisses the relief to the cruel damage that your deception caused me. And in seeking in the breath of other mouths the perfume that intoxicated my sadness. I found that they also lied and pretended like you did with me, finally I understand that in life everything is false but you are much more. I found that they also lied and pretended like you did with me, finally I understand that in life everything is false but you are much more.
What do you want from me that you do next to me if everything is lost love That you can give me more if nothing can give that the footprint of another great pain Madness is to revive useless is to feel a love that has already gone Why did you come here if being together I feel that more I am only What do you think I am that you think that one day I will ask you not to move away I do not have to ask or know what to ask if all my desire is peace What fault do I have if everything was lost if you You wanted that way So what do you want from me? Even the crying I cried if it was for you, I do not know What guilt I have if everything was lost If you wanted to like that Then what do you want from me? Yes, even the crying I cried If it was for you, I do not know .
Join your voice to my voice, to shout that we triumph, if the world is tired, here we follow the two, without renouncing or hiding. Why hide our love, would be to cover with a finger, the immense light of the sun, deny the grace of God, deny that white is black. Love. Nothing could separate us, we fight against all incomprehension, from the story there is nothing to tell, we triumph with the strength of love. Join your voice to my voice, to shout that we won. and if love is sin, that the heaven of explanation, because it is divine command. Love. Nothing could separate us, we fight against all incomprehension, the story and there is nothing to tell, we triumph with the strength of love Join your voice to my voice, to scream that we won. and if love is sin, that the heaven of explanation, because it is divine command.
In life there are loves that can never forget unforgettable moments that always keeps the heart But what one day made us tremble with joy is a lie that today I can forget with a new love I have kissed other mouths looking for new anxieties and other strange arms narrow me full of emotion But they only manage to remind me of yours that will unforgettably live in me. But what one day made us tremble with joy, unforgettably they will live in me, they will live in me.
I'm going to wet my lips With holy water to wash the kisses that once gave me your damn mouth I'm going to put a red-hot iron in my eyes a thousand times I'd rather be blind than see you again I'll try to forget that you were once mine with my dream to kill the love of my life. I'm going to wet my lips with holy water to wash the kisses that once gave me your damn mouth I'll try to forget that you were once mine I go with my dream to kill the love of my life. I'm going to wet my lips with holy water to wash the kisses that once gave me your damn mouth.
Cherish me, caress me if you love me as I love you Caress me see that I am asking you as they ask for great things like the heart Cherish me, Cherish me to be embedded in my being your divine perfume To you I surrender is my destiny Make my life and my things what you want.
Near the sea I fell in love And like the moon, The breeze and the foam I also kissed you. The blue night, tropical night He understood my sorrows And among its sands I could dream. The sea lulled us Thinking of our love And the awakening of that illusion A kiss we gave ourselves and in the kiss we unite Your love and my love. The sea lulled us Thinking about our love And upon waking From that illusion A kiss we gave ourselves And in the kiss we unite Your love and my love. Your love and my love
About everything in the world there is nothing first you and even if it seems to you lie the things of the soul wake up asleep Every moment I spend by your side impregnates my life with you and despite those great things you still doubt my What guilt I have been born so inert expression in my God only knows that in my feelings there are things of my soul for you On all the things in the world there is nothing first that you and despite these big things you keep doubting of me About everything in the world there is nothing first that you and although you think it is a lie, the things of the soul awaken routines Every moment that passes by your side impregnates my life with you and despite those great things you still doubt of me What guilt I have been born with so inert expression in my God only knows that in my feelings there are things of my soul for you Over all the things of the world there is nothing first that you and despite these great things You still doubt me.
How strange, yesterday I saw you. to pass and to want to call you the truth, is to amaze you in spite of how much I loved you you can believe me: I forgot your name. In vain, those whoever I gave my love passed through my mind, it was useless, I could not remember you, I only know that I loved you at some time. How strange, yesterday I saw you pass by and to want to call you the truth is to amaze you despite how much I loved you you can believe me: I forgot your name. Despite how much I loved you, you can believe me: I forgot your name. In vain, those whoever I gave my love passed through my mind, it was useless, I could not remember you, I only know that I loved you at some time. How strange, yesterday I saw you pass by and to want to call you the truth is to amaze you despite how much I loved you you can believe me: I forgot your name.
Ma'am, they call you ma'am. everyone respects you without seeing the truth. Madam, you look like a lady and you have a soul full of sins and falsehood. Madam, you are a lady. and you are more lost, than those that are sold out of necessity. Madam, you've stained a name. the name of the man who put your happiness in your hands. Madam, with all your gold pity inspire me because you live life, without God, without moral Lady, you have stained a name. the name of the man who put your happiness in your hands. Madam, with all your pity you inspire me because you live life, without God, without morals.
I am that vice of your skin that you can no longer give off, I am forbidden. I am that fever of your being that dominates you without wanting to be the forbidden. I am that night of pleasure that of paperless delivery I am your punishment. Because in your false intimacy in every hug you give him, you dream of me. I am the sin that gave you new hope in love I am the forbidden. I am the adventure that came to help you continue on your path. I am that kiss that is given without being able to comment, I am that name that was never from here you will pronounce. I am that love you will deny to save your dignity I am the forbidden. I am your punishment because in your false intimacy in each hug that you give you dream of me. I am the sin that gave you new hope in love I am the forbidden. I am the adventure that came to help you to continue on your way. I am that kiss that is given without being able to comment. I am that name that would never be from here. You will pronounce that love that you will deny to save your dignity. I am the forbidden.
Take her if she thinks about you in the end because of the way she looks at you I understood that I forget all the things I gave her Take her but you have to love her just as I am a bit capricious, at times she is jealous and other times affectionate Some time ago that is pretending to me is not telling me any truth my loves have been dying to continue insisting would be foolishness. Take it and if it is true that you have a lot of love that will make you not find him or a mistake you will live grateful to his warmth. Ah! I forgot to tell you that if you want to say your name, say that of another man, it happened to me. So, my friend, I beg you to take her for the sake of the three for the sake of the three for the sake of the three.
That old love that I longed so much that I dreamed so much of me moved away That old love that I loved so much that it was a charm of me it went away It stole me another love that is now its obsession I took it from my being who knows with what intention old love that was my grief that was my condemnation of me went away He stole another love is now his obsession I pulled it from my being who knows what intention That old love that was my grief that was my condemnation of me walked away.
I have not seen Linda, it seems a lie, so many hopes that in her love I encrypted. He has not written to anyone; He did not leave a trace. Nobody knows about her since she left. God knows how many birds are now painting in the air. I have not wanted nor will I be able to love anyone with such a crazy frenzy. Except on Sunday, every afternoon, I go out to see the postman to see if he brought something for me. Oh, Virgin of Altagracia, make her remember me one day.
I miss you, how you miss the nights without stars. how they miss the beautiful mornings not being with you, for God that hurts me I miss you when I walk, when I cry, when I laugh when the sun shines, when it is very cold because I feel like something very much I miss you as the trees miss the autumn On those nights that I do not fall asleep You do not imagine love, as I miss you I miss you at every step I feel lonely, every moment I'm living every day I'm dying, love because I miss you I miss you when the aurora begins to give colors with your virtues, with all your mistakes For what you want I do not know, but I miss you.
Only once, I loved in life, Only once, and nothing more. Once there was nothing else in my garden, hope shone, the hope that illuminates the path of my loneliness. Once nothing else, the soul is given, with the sweet and total renunciation. And when this miracle performs the miracle of love, there are festive bells that sing in my heart. Once more in my garden shine hope, The hope that illuminates the path of my loneliness Once nothing else surrenders the soul with sweet and total renunciation. And when this miracle performs the miracle of love, there are festive bells that sing in my heart.
Traveling that you go by sky and by sea Leaving in the hearts Beat of passion, vibrate of song and then a thousand disappointments. It was my turn, I wanted to kiss you too and then lose you, God, want you to finally stop walking and then you want to stay. I do not know what it will be without seeing you I do not know what will come next I do not know if I can forget you I do not know if I'll die. My moon and my sun will go after you united with my songs telling you come back again do not break more hearts.
For as much as I want I can not forget you Because you knew how to poison my life For a love that has not left in you the same wound that bleeds in me More than you care for a chest that sobs if already in the heart you have hurt it if you never you have sensed your grief I only have to mourn so much bitterness I only have to pay this sentence But I have to drown my bitter sorrow for a love that made my heart bleed I only have to cry so much bitterness I only have to pay this sentence But I have to I drown my bitter sorrow for a love that made my heart bleed.
It had to happen, at last you have convinced yourself, that you can not live, separated from me. To want to forget, you have not been worth anything, and your pride has finally come to surrender. We are in the same conditions, to erase you from my mind, I have not been able to be cruel disappointments, and as I suffered, I know you have suffered If you want us to start again, with one condition I return with you We must forget, what we offended, and realize, that today we met that we start again, with one condition I return with you We have to forget, what we offended, and to realize, that we met today We must forget, what we offended, and to realize, that today we met.
I want to buy life five pennies of happiness, I want to have my happiness paying with blood and tears. I want to have you in my arms just a minute to kiss, even if I do not have you and live a hell and have to cry. Even if it kills me the anguish of knowing that you went and you will not be anymore. I want to buy life, five pennies of happiness. I want to buy life five pennies of happiness, I want to have my happiness paying with blood and tears. I want to have you in my arms just a minute to kiss, even if I do not have you and live a hell and have to cry. Even if it kills me the anguish of knowing that you went and you will not be anymore. I want to buy life, five pennies of happiness.
What will happen if you leave me what will happen if you forget me I asked the stars to the moon and the sun itself What will happen if in the time of me you get tired and you go away I asked you at a distance to see if the echo arrives Even God Desperate, sensing your departure, I imagine that you have left to see the reaction we will suffer when we are separated and you think about my kisses and I long for your warmth. It was the vision of this delirium all a disaster of madness as if the world crashed cataclysm for the both of us Desperate, sensing your departure I imagine that you have left to see the reaction we will suffer when we are separated and you think about my kisses and I miss your warmth It was the vision of this delirium a disaster of madness as if the world were a cataclysm will strike for both of us.
It does not surprise me what you did some time ago I was waiting for you if you got tired of the love I gave you Luck that my heart in love does not deceive me and he tells me to leave her let her go away There will be no roses and there will be flowers that mitigate your pains And in the nights only a tireless echo that will say there you, there you, there you Go in search of a failure and that is my hunch and in the long run you will be the only injured Luck that my heart in love does not deceive me and he tells me to leave it let it go away you, there you, there you go in search of a failure and that is my hunch and in the long run you will be the only injured luck that my heart in love does not deceive me and he tells me to leave it let it be go there you, there you, there you go there you, that you go there you, nothing more.
My madness to meet you. That desire to have you impatience if you delay in arriving That jealousy with your people. and my changes suddenly, so many things that you will never understand That excessive love. to always live by your side To love you every day more and more Feelings, in my life. Emotions impossible to forget. Feelings, that win. that are still in my memory and do not leave Feelings Love you in the mornings. and have the same desire. hanging on your look without speaking Wanting to be your destiny ,. to love with nonsense, to think that I am your God and much more My delirium to embrace you, that vice of kissing You To die little by little in your enjoyment Feelings, in my life, Emotions impossible to forget. Feelings, that win me That are still in my memory and do not leave Feelings My delirium to embrace you. That vice of kissing you. Die little by little in your enjoyment. Feelings, in my life. Emotions impossible to forget. Feelings, that win me That are still in my memory and do not leave Feelings.
Tell me, I know that I like you and I know you're willing for me to tell you something tell me yes Tell me, and do not be ashamed that the one who thinks a lot never gets anything but suffering Go on my life, tell me that I just hope to hear from you I love you to make you happy Tell me, and then my life with all my love I will be for you Tell me, I know that I like you and I know you are wishing that I will tell you something Tell me, tell me, and do not give shame that the one who thinks a lot never gets anything but suffering Anda, tell me that I only hope to hear from you a love to make you happy Tell me, and then my life with all my love I will be for you.
If I live for you because I have to deny it if it is so much my suffering because I have to hide it I do not have to live separately, I do not want to be by your side to live my life and die I live in love with you because you have the perfume of a flower I I live in love with you Because you have a candor of a virgin I live in love with you because you have a song in your soul Because you keep a fondness for me In the depth of your lover heart Because they speak the flashes of your mouth And also your red lips Of a mystic illusion
I know you have been told that I am worthless, that I am not worth anything that I live only for the whims of your heart. If nobody asks and no one begs, who cares who cares if I live or if I die for this passion. Who knows of loves that street and understand that they leave me alone suffering in silence my sorrows of loves. If I am happy having you close, what does it matter to anyone if you are light and shadow of my heart if you are light and shadow of my heart? Who knows of loves that street and understand that they leave me alone suffering in silence my sorrows of loves. If I am happy having you near, what does it matter to anyone if you are light and shadow of my heart, if you are light and shadow of my heart?
Wait for me in heaven, sweetheart, if you leave first, wait for me, soon I will go where you are. Wait for me in heaven, sweetheart, if you go first. Wait for me in heaven heart to start again. Our love is so great and so great that it never ends and this life is so short and it is not enough for our romance. That's why I ask you please wait for me in heaven and there among clouds of cotton we will make our nest. Our love is so great and so great that it never ends and this life is so short and it is not enough for our romance. That's why I ask you please wait for me in heaven and there among clouds of cotton we will make our nest. Wait for me in heaven.
She loves him, like me, she adores him, we both suffer for the same reason, for some kisses that her mouth gives us that deceives us with black treachery. Although he is human and she wants it and she prefers it almost as much as I do, only when thinking about it does my soul reveal itself, and if it is not mine, it is never mine. From woman to woman we will fight to see who wins and so he stays with his sweet love. And if he manages to overcome me, in my agony I could use my resources, as it has to be. I take it in my fiery arms, a kiss of death, I close it with faith in my arms and I make it feel. That from woman to woman we will fight and so triumphant with him I stay, from woman to woman. I take it in my fiery arms, a kiss of death, I close it with faith in my arms and I make it feel. That from woman to woman we will fight and so triumphant with him I stay, from woman to woman.
You should not have been happy when they told you they saw me Drinking and crying At a bar table. If I did it was because my soul sprouted a pity that only the liquor that night could dissipate That night also your friends told me many things that my mind never imagined them Do not be angry that I answer you I can not hide it if it is shame, that same shame also happened me If you do not want to return to my side I do not expect you to do it I do not want a love with revenge so it is not love But you will cry as today I feel that my soul cries For your infamy, so you will pay all your betrayal If you do not want to return to my side I do not expect you to do it I do not want a love with revenge so it is not love But you will cry like today I feel that my soul cries For your infamy so you will pay all your betrayal.
With you I learned that there are new and better emotions With you I learned to know a new world of illusions I learned that the week has more than seven days, to make my joys a bit bigger, and to be happy, I learned with you. With you I learned to see the light from the other side of the moon With you I learned that your presence did not change it for any I learned that a kiss can be sweeter and deeper I can leave tomorrow this world Good things and I lived with you and with you I learned that I was born the day I met you.
Take care of me, I want to tell you something that maybe you do not understand, maybe painful. Listen to me, Even though my soul hurts, I need to talk to you, and I will do so. We, who were so sincere, that since we saw ourselves loving each other we are. We, that love made a wonderful sun, romance so divine. We, who love each other so much, must separate, do not ask me anymore. It is not lack of affection, I love you with the soul. I swear I adore you, and in the name of this love, and for your sake, I say goodbye. We, who love each other so much, must separate, do not ask me anymore. It is not lack of affection, I love you with the soul. I swear I adore you, and in the name of this love, and for your sake, I say goodbye.
When the memory of you assails me, I feel in my mortal soul loneliness and even though I want to smile, I always end up crying. When my goodbye is buried in my chest, because your breath is not for me, all my bitterness means to you: Return me to love as before. You wanted to kiss me again just like you did Because without your love, overflow of my kisses, my heart will wither You have to relive the leafless roses love me again because it will have to be; Think that I adore you, see how I cry, have compassion, return to love me more than yesterday You have to relive the leafless roses love me again because it will have to be; Think I adore you, see how I cry, have compassion, return to love me much more than yesterday much more than yesterday.
I have a sorrow in the mistress, I have a sorrow of love Since I can not see you, I have cried a lot, Because, I have a sorrow in my soul, I have a sorrow of love, When I could love you more, without stopping you I said goodbye There is a very black thing in your life, that steals what was already mine Your love, your happiness, your kisses, your lit heart That blackness that roams for your being, maybe it is a great distant love That already asked for your hand, and you you go back without returning For me, everything is black now, and in darkness I live without you For me you are black already, and in the shadows I already lost you There is a very black thing in your life, which steals what was already mine Your love, your happiness, your kisses, your burning heart That blackness that surrounds your being, maybe it is a great distant love That already asked for your hand, and you go without returning For me, everything is black now, and in darkness I live without you For me you are black already, and in the shadows I already lost you.
Do not deceive me tell the truth, say just maybe I like you and maybe it's good for both of you Do not tell me you have not even noticed do not say what you do not feel about me always tell the truth your refuge of love my kisses I will give you I will do what you want my sweet love Do not deceive me tell the truth, say just maybe I like you and maybe it is good for both I am your refuge of love my kisses I I'll give you what you want, my sweet love. Do not cheat me tell the truth, say the right thing, maybe I like you and maybe it's good for both of you.
Orgasm, nobody wants to mention you and yet everyone wants to enjoy you. Orgasm, as I would like to describe you as I feel, how to eternalize that moment, how to say that it is a pleasure and it is a torment. Orgasm, the communion of those who love each other with madness and we do not know whether to laugh with the tenderness of starting and we do not know whether to cry with the madness of ending. Orgasm, I can not remember you without a sob, because the memory of almost morbid pleasure, I feel again throb between us. Orgasm, who could hold you for more than a moment to die of pleasure today as before and at the same time be reborn next to my lover's orgasm. Orgasm, the communion of those who love with madness and we do not know whether to laugh with the tenderness of starting and we do not know whether to cry with the madness of ending. Orgasm, I can not remember you without a sob, because the memory of almost morbid pleasure, I feel again throb between us. Orgasm, who could hold you for more than a moment to die of pleasure today as before and at the same time be reborn next to my lover's orgasm.
Without a love Life does not call life Without a love It lacks strength to the heart Without a love The soul dies defeated, Desperate in pain Sacrificed without reason If a love there is no salvation Do not stop me from wanting I ask you Do not go to win My forgetting Without a love The soul dies defeated Desperate in pain Sacrificed without reason Without a love There is no salvation Without a love Life does not call life Without a love It lacks strength to the heart Without a love The soul dies defeated Desperate in pain Sacrificed without reason If a love there is no salvation Do not stop me from wanting I ask you Do not go to win My oblivion Without a love The soul dies defeated Desperate in pain Sacrificed without reason Without a love There is no salvation.
The handkerchief that you left that night I keep it in my memory, your memory when I am alone, I contemplate it and I feel close to your figure. In your silk is the trace of your weeping and the pink of your lips still lingers and I get drunk on its still latent perfume that makes me relive that atmosphere. Your handkerchief, I kiss it, I caress it and I squeeze it Your handkerchief, I take care of it, I venerate it and it is my consolation. The handkerchief you left that night was witness to moments of madness You're not here and everything was an adventure. And from you, today only your handkerchief remains. Your handkerchief, I kiss it, I caress it and I squeeze it Your handkerchief, I take care of it, I venerate it and it is my consolation. The handkerchief you left that night was witness to moments of madness You're not here and everything was an adventure. And from you, today only your handkerchief remains.
Pretty lady, there is something in her mouth, something in her body that when she sees it crosses love, love provokes me. Pretty lady, you punish me and even if you do not want me, I tell you a thousand times that God blesses you. Pretty lady, your face is sweetness, my arms offer you the discreet moment of an adventure. Pretty lady I always dream how ironic I love her so much and you have an owner. Pretty lady, there is something in her mouth, something in her body that when she sees it crosses love, love provokes me. Pretty lady, you punish me and even if you do not want me, I tell you a thousand times that God blesses you. Pretty lady, your face is sweetness, my arms offer you the discreet moment of an adventure. Pretty lady I always dream look what irony I love her so much and you, you have an owner.
One more cup, I give you to say goodbye; one more cup, which will make us forget. One more cup, maybe a bit bitter; for our great love, that will never return a glass more. It is the law of life, the birth and death of our love was so great; and it ceased to exist. One more cup, maybe a bit bitter; for our great love, that will never come back, one more cup.
There is music in your voice there is music in your hands are your lips of honey two corals velvet brothers are your eyes dreamers moonlight your smile without equal I love you even in pain and I feel for your charm happiness of love fear of loving you so much you are wonderful consensual life because you are the life of a great illusion I want from you the flame that burns the reason feel trembling with emotion if your toasted skin came to kiss life you have the subtle lullaby of a song and that's why being close to my heart beats I love you even in pain and I feel for your charm happiness of love fear to love you so much you are wonderful life spoiled because you are the life of a great illusion.
Because the soul empties like the pitcher in the cloud, love ends! Because soft glides like shade the caress, love ends! because the feeling is smoke and ashes the word, love ends! because the heart of giving comes a day that breaks, love ends! because they become chains what were white ribbons, love ends! because the most divine caress becomes routine, love ends! because we are like rivers every new instant the water, love ends! Because the desires for the flesh and for the kiss die, the love ends! because time has cracks, because cracks have the soul, because nothing is forever that even beauty tires. Love ends!
I have found in your love the lost faith and now my life has a reason I do not know if it was the spell of your eyes that told your lips to pierce your heart I know that in the thousand kisses that I have given you in the mouth it was the heart and they say that it is sin to love as I love you maybe they are right But that it has to matter everything that they say to me if I do not forget that if it is sin to love you I will continue sinning because I have to deny it I will continue loving you I will continue kissing even if I'm crazy until you give me back my heart that in kisses I left in your mouth I know that in the thousand kisses that I have given you in my mouth my heart went out and they say it is sin to love as I love you maybe they are right I will continue loving you I will continue kissing you even if it drives me crazy Until you give me back the heart that in kisses I left in your mouth.
Yesterday I saw you pass with his arm And without you noticing I followed the steps Yesterday I could see that you pretended to me After you swore you did not want it. Take this dagger, open my veins. I want to bleed to death until I die. I do not want life, if I have to see you as an outsider. Without your love, it's not worth it. Why, tell me why you've cheated on me. Yes, everything you've wanted, I've always given it to you. Why, you make fun of me, my sweetie. Why, after I've loved you, you give me such a bad payment. Take this dagger, open my veins. I want to bleed to death until I die. I do not want life, if I have to see you as an outsider. Without your love, it's not worth it.
If you understood me, if you knew me, how happy you would be, if you understood me, if you knew me, you would never cry. Since being far away you are not alien, because you go with me, Your faithful reflections, alleviate my sorrows the night is a witness. If you understood me, if you knew me, you would never doubt. And my conditions would be the reasons, that you would accept. If you understood me even a little, everything would change because that way you would see that I am crazy for you. Since being away you are not stranger, because you go with me, If you understood me if you knew me you would never cry because being away you are not stranger because you go with me If you understood me, if you knew me, you would never doubt. And my conditions would be the reasons, that you would accept. If you understood me even a little, everything would change because that way you would see that I am crazy for you. Since being far away you are not stranger because you go with me If you understood me, if you knew me, you would never doubt. And my conditions would be the reasons, that you would accept. If you understood me even a little, everything would change because that way you would see that I am crazy for you.
I do not want you to leave my side I do not want you to leave again I do not even want to think that you have been kissed I do not want you to leave me again. You know that I love you with the soul You know that I will never forget you Because you are my storm and my calm Because you are what I always dreamed. Do not tell me more I do not want to know If you'll forget me For another want. Let it go and let it run that time will tell If there is another want. I do not want you to tell me you love me, I want you to tell me something more. With kisses and hugs that do not die, with something you can never forget. You know I love you like nobody. You know that my love has no end, I ask you to love me and love me. I ask you to make me very happy. Do not tell me more I do not want to know If you'll forget me For another want. Let it go let it run that time will tell If there is another want. Do not tell me more I do not want to know If you'll forget me For another want. Let it go and let it run that time will tell If there is another want.
